32.7 % of all households were made up of individuals and 15.7 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older .	1	were made up	32.7 % of all households	of individuals
32.7 % of all households were made up of individuals and 15.7 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older .	1	had	15.7 %	someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older
32.7 % of all households were made up of individuals and 15.7 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older .	1	was	someone living alone	65 years of age or older
A CEN forms an important but small part of a Local Strategic Partnership .	1	forms	A CEN	an important but small part of a Local Strategic Partnership
A Democrat , he became the youngest mayor in Pittsburgh 's history in September 2006 at the age of 26 .	1	became	he	the youngest mayor in Pittsburgh 's history in September 2006
A cafeteria is also located on the sixth floor , a chapel on the 14th floor , and a study hall on the 15th floor .	1	is also located	A cafeteria	on the sixth floor , a chapel on the 14th floor , and a study hall on the 15th
A casting director at the time told Scott that he had wished that he 'd met him a week before ; he was casting for the '' G.I. Joe '' cartoon .	1	told	A casting director at the time	Scott that he had wished that he 'd met him a week before
A casting director at the time told Scott that he had wished that he 'd met him a week before ; he was casting for the '' G.I. Joe '' cartoon .	1	had wished	he	that he 'd met him a week before
A casting director at the time told Scott that he had wished that he 'd met him a week before ; he was casting for the '' G.I. Joe '' cartoon .	1	'd met	he	him a week before
A casting director at the time told Scott that he had wished that he 'd met him a week before ; he was casting for the '' G.I. Joe '' cartoon .	1	'd	he	a week
A casting director at the time told Scott that he had wished that he 'd met him a week before ; he was casting for the '' G.I. Joe '' cartoon .	1	was casting	he	for the '' G.I. Joe '' cartoon
A common name , logo , and programming schedule followed in 1982 , with the establishment of the '' TV8 '' network between the three stations , changed to the '' Southern Cross Network '' seven years later .	1	followed	A common name , logo , and programming schedule	in 1982
A common name , logo , and programming schedule followed in 1982 , with the establishment of the '' TV8 '' network between the three stations , changed to the '' Southern Cross Network '' seven years later .	1	changed	the establishment of the '' TV8 '' network between the three stations	to the '' Southern Cross Network '' seven years later
A cooling center is a temporary air - conditioned public space set up by local authorities to deal with the health effects of a heat wave .	1	is	A cooling center	a temporary air - conditioned public space set up by local authorities to deal with the health effects of a heat wave
A cooling center is a temporary air - conditioned public space set up by local authorities to deal with the health effects of a heat wave .	1	set up	a temporary air - conditioned public space	by local authorities
A cooling center is a temporary air - conditioned public space set up by local authorities to deal with the health effects of a heat wave .	1	to deal	a temporary air - conditioned public space	with the health effects of a heat wave
A manifold is '' prime '' if it can not be presented as a connected sum of more than one manifold , none of which is the sphere of the same dimension .	1	is	A manifold	prime
A manifold is '' prime '' if it can not be presented as a connected sum of more than one manifold , none of which is the sphere of the same dimension .	1	is	none of which	the sphere of the same dimension
A manifold is '' prime '' if it can not be presented as a connected sum of more than one manifold , none of which is the sphere of the same dimension .	1	not be presented	it	connected sum of more than one manifold
A manifold is '' prime '' if it can not be presented as a connected sum of more than one manifold , none of which is the sphere of the same dimension .	1	can not be presented	it	as a connected sum of more than one manifold
A mid-March 2002 court order to stop printing for three months , was evaded by printing under other titles , such as '' Not That Respublika '' .	1	was evaded	A mid-March 2002 court order to stop printing for three months	by printing under other titles , such as '' Not That Respublika
A mid-March 2002 court order to stop printing for three months , was evaded by printing under other titles , such as '' Not That Respublika '' .	1	to stop	A mid-March 2002 court order	printing for three months
A motorcycle speedway long - track meeting , one of the few held in the UK , was staged at Ammanford .	1	was staged	A motorcycle speedway long - track meeting	at Ammanford
A motorcycle speedway long - track meeting , one of the few held in the UK , was staged at Ammanford .	1	held	the few	in the UK
A partial list of turbomachinery that may use one or more centrifugal compressors within the machine are listed here .	1	are listed	A partial list of turbomachinery	here
A partial list of turbomachinery that may use one or more centrifugal compressors within the machine are listed here .	1	may use	turbomachinery	one or more centrifugal compressors within the machine
A short distance to the east , NC 111 diverges on Greenwood Boulevard .	1	diverges	NC 111	on Greenwood Boulevard
A spectrum from a single FID has a low signal - to - noise ratio , but fortunately it improves readily with averaging of repeated acquisitions .	1	has	A spectrum from a single FID	a low signal - to - noise ratio
A spectrum from a single FID has a low signal - to - noise ratio , but fortunately it improves readily with averaging of repeated acquisitions .	1	improves readily	it	 
According to Hofmann , while still a teenage coin collector , he forged a rare mint mark on a dime and was told by an organization of coin collectors that it was genuine .	1	forged	he	a rare mint mark on a dime
According to Hofmann , while still a teenage coin collector , he forged a rare mint mark on a dime and was told by an organization of coin collectors that it was genuine .	1	was told	he	by an organization of coin collectors that it was genuine
According to Hofmann , while still a teenage coin collector , he forged a rare mint mark on a dime and was told by an organization of coin collectors that it was genuine .	1	was	it	genuine
According to Hofmann , while still a teenage coin collector , he forged a rare mint mark on a dime and was told by an organization of coin collectors that it was genuine .	1	According	 	to Hofmann
According to Samaritan tradition , however , the Samaritan ethnonym is not derived from the region of Samaria , but from the fact that they were the '' Guardians '' of the true Israelite religion .	1	were	they	the '' Guardians '' of the true Israelite religion
According to Samaritan tradition , however , the Samaritan ethnonym is not derived from the region of Samaria , but from the fact that they were the '' Guardians '' of the true Israelite religion .	1	is not derived	the Samaritan ethnonym	from the region of Samaria
According to Samaritan tradition , however , the Samaritan ethnonym is not derived from the region of Samaria , but from the fact that they were the '' Guardians '' of the true Israelite religion .	1	According	 	to Samaritan tradition
According to the 2010 census , the population of the town is 2,310 .	1	is	the population of the town	2,310
According to the 2010 census , the population of the town is 2,310 .	1	According	 	to the 2010 census
According to the South Koreans , many Koreans became victims of Japanese brutalities during the colonial period .	1	became	many Koreans	victims of Japanese brutalities during the colonial period
According to the South Koreans , many Koreans became victims of Japanese brutalities during the colonial period .	1	According	 	to the South Koreans
According to the United States Census Bureau , the town has a total area of , all of it land .	1	has	the town	a total area of , all of it land
According to the United States Census Bureau , the town has a total area of , all of it land .	1	According	 	to the United States Census Bureau
According to the indictment , Gonzalez is accused of defrauding the West Bronx Neighborhood Association Inc. , a not - for - profit corporation , by using funds donated to the organization in order to pay for over $ 37,000 in personal expenses .	1	is accused	Gonzalez	of defrauding the West Bronx Neighborhood Association Inc.
According to the indictment , Gonzalez is accused of defrauding the West Bronx Neighborhood Association Inc. , a not - for - profit corporation , by using funds donated to the organization in order to pay for over $ 37,000 in personal expenses .	1	donated	Gonzalez	funds donated to the organization in order to
According to the indictment , Gonzalez is accused of defrauding the West Bronx Neighborhood Association Inc. , a not - for - profit corporation , by using funds donated to the organization in order to pay for over $ 37,000 in personal expenses .	1	According	 	to the indictment
According to the indictment , Gonzalez is accused of defrauding the West Bronx Neighborhood Association Inc. , a not - for - profit corporation , by using funds donated to the organization in order to pay for over $ 37,000 in personal expenses .	1	to pay	to the organization	for over $ 37,000 in personal expenses
Accordingly , the 1962 Roman Missal , the edition whose continued use as an extraordinary form of the Roman Rite is authorized by the motu proprio '' Summorum Pontificum '' , also has no mention of her .	1	is authorized	the 1962 Roman Missal	by the motu proprio
Accordingly , the 1962 Roman Missal , the edition whose continued use as an extraordinary form of the Roman Rite is authorized by the motu proprio '' Summorum Pontificum '' , also has no mention of her .	1	has	the 1962 Roman Missal	no mention of her
Additionally , the French Community of Belgium has controversially begun referring to itself exclusively as the ' Wallonia - Brussels Federation ' to emphasize the links between the French Community , Wallonia and Brussels .	1	has controversially begun referring	the French Community of Belgium	to itself exclusively as the ' Wallonia - Brussels Federation
Additionally , the French Community of Belgium has controversially begun referring to itself exclusively as the ' Wallonia - Brussels Federation ' to emphasize the links between the French Community , Wallonia and Brussels .	1	to emphasize	the ' Wallonia - Brussels Federation	the links between the French Community , Wallonia and Brussels
After 1895 , cable hauling ceased and locomotives pulled trains the whole length of the Victoria and Waterloo tunnels .	1	ceased	cable hauling	 
After 1895 , cable hauling ceased and locomotives pulled trains the whole length of the Victoria and Waterloo tunnels .	1	pulled	locomotives	trains the whole length of the Victoria and Waterloo tunnels
After five years of searching , the Colonials found a primitive , lush and vibrant new world and named it Earth .	1	found	the Colonials	a primitive , lush and vibrant new world
After five years of searching , the Colonials found a primitive , lush and vibrant new world and named it Earth .	1	named	the Colonials	it Earth
After five years of searching , the Colonials found a primitive , lush and vibrant new world and named it Earth .	1	found	the Colonials	a primitive , lush and vibrant new world
After leaving '' Hex '' , Cole went on to appear as Blanche Ingram in the critically acclaimed '' Jane Eyre '' TV serial for the BBC and guest starred as Lilith in the '' Doctor Who '' episode '' The Shakespeare Code '' .	1	went on	Cole	 
After leaving '' Hex '' , Cole went on to appear as Blanche Ingram in the critically acclaimed '' Jane Eyre '' TV serial for the BBC and guest starred as Lilith in the '' Doctor Who '' episode '' The Shakespeare Code '' .	1	guest starred	the critically acclaimed	as Lilith in the ''
After the battle , Battra rested in the Arctic Ocean , whereas Mothra retired to Infant Island , accompanied by the two Cosmos .	1	rested	Battra	in the Arctic Ocean
After the battle , Battra rested in the Arctic Ocean , whereas Mothra retired to Infant Island , accompanied by the two Cosmos .	1	retired	Mothra	to Infant Island
After the battle , Battra rested in the Arctic Ocean , whereas Mothra retired to Infant Island , accompanied by the two Cosmos .	1	accompanied	Mothra	by the two Cosmos
After this point many of the republicans were arrested in Free State '' round ups '' when they had come out of hiding and returned home .	1	were arrested	many of the republicans	in Free State
After this point many of the republicans were arrested in Free State '' round ups '' when they had come out of hiding and returned home .	1	had come	they	out of hiding
After this point many of the republicans were arrested in Free State '' round ups '' when they had come out of hiding and returned home .	1	returned	they	home
Although Knievel broke his arms , he was more distraught over a permanent injury his accident caused to the cameraman .	1	broke	Knievel	his arms
Although Knievel broke his arms , he was more distraught over a permanent injury his accident caused to the cameraman .	1	was	he	more distraught over a permanent injury
Although Knievel broke his arms , he was more distraught over a permanent injury his accident caused to the cameraman .	1	caused	 	to the cameraman
Although under constant attack from kamikazes as well as fighters and dive - bombers , '' Hazelwood '' came through the invasion untouched and on the night of 25 February sank two small enemy freighters with her guns .	1	came	Hazelwood	through the invasion untouched
Although under constant attack from kamikazes as well as fighters and dive - bombers , '' Hazelwood '' came through the invasion untouched and on the night of 25 February sank two small enemy freighters with her guns .	1	sank	February	two small enemy freighters
An animal that cares for its young but shows no other sociality traits is said to be '' subsocial '' .	1	cares	An animal	for its young
An animal that cares for its young but shows no other sociality traits is said to be '' subsocial '' .	1	shows	An animal	no other sociality traits
An animal that cares for its young but shows no other sociality traits is said to be '' subsocial '' .	1	is said	An animal that cares for its young but shows no other sociality traits	 
An original limited artist edition of 250 was published in 1989 and was an oversized fine press slip - cased book with stainless steel faced boards and digital clock inset into the front cover .	1	was published	An original limited artist edition of 250	in 1989 and was an oversized fine press slip - cased book with stainless steel
An original limited artist edition of 250 was published in 1989 and was an oversized fine press slip - cased book with stainless steel faced boards and digital clock inset into the front cover .	1	was	An original limited artist edition of 250	an oversized fine press slip - cased book with stainless steel faced boards and digital clock
An original limited artist edition of 250 was published in 1989 and was an oversized fine press slip - cased book with stainless steel faced boards and digital clock inset into the front cover .	1	faced	stainless steel	boards and digital clock inset into the front cover
And ABS has formed a partnership with Habitat for Humanity to give a free Bible to each of its new homeowners in the United States .	1	has formed	ABS	a partnership with Habitat for Humanity
And ABS has formed a partnership with Habitat for Humanity to give a free Bible to each of its new homeowners in the United States .	1	to give	a partnership with Habitat for Humanity	a free Bible to each of its new homeowners in the United States
And he was in Ali 's army in the Battle of Jamal and later it was Muhammad ibn Abu Bakr who escorted Aisha back to Madina .	1	was	he	in Ali 's army in the Battle of Jamal and later it was Muhammad ibn Abu Bakr
And he was in Ali 's army in the Battle of Jamal and later it was Muhammad ibn Abu Bakr who escorted Aisha back to Madina .	1	was	it	Muhammad ibn Abu Bakr
And he was in Ali 's army in the Battle of Jamal and later it was Muhammad ibn Abu Bakr who escorted Aisha back to Madina .	1	escorted	Muhammad ibn Abu Bakr	Aisha back to Madina
Andrea Bianco 's atlas of 1436 comprises ten leaves of vellum , measuring , in an 18th - century binding .	1	comprises	Andrea Bianco 's atlas of 1436	ten leaves of vellum
Andrea Bianco 's atlas of 1436 comprises ten leaves of vellum , measuring , in an 18th - century binding .	1	measuring	Andrea Bianco 's atlas of 1436 comprises ten leaves	in an 18th - century binding
Apartment buildings , shops , medical clinics , cinemas etc. were built in close proximity to the MAZ plant , providing plant workers with local necessities .	1	were built	Apartment buildings , shops , medical clinics , cinemas etc.	in close proximity to the MAZ plant
Apartment buildings , shops , medical clinics , cinemas etc. were built in close proximity to the MAZ plant , providing plant workers with local necessities .	1	providing	Apartment buildings , shops , medical clinics , cinemas etc.	plant workers with local necessities
Applications can use this service to record activity for a production system while implementations of other OSIDs can use the service to record detailed data during development , debugging , or analyzing performance .	1	to record	implementations of other OSIDs	detailed data during development , debugging , or analyzing performance
Applications can use this service to record activity for a production system while implementations of other OSIDs can use the service to record detailed data during development , debugging , or analyzing performance .	1	debugging	implementations of other OSIDs	performance
Applications can use this service to record activity for a production system while implementations of other OSIDs can use the service to record detailed data during development , debugging , or analyzing performance .	1	can use	Applications can use this service to record activity for a production system while implementations of other OSIDs	this service to record activity for a production system while implementations of other OSIDs can use the service to record detailed data during development , debugging , or analyzing performance
Applications can use this service to record activity for a production system while implementations of other OSIDs can use the service to record detailed data during development , debugging , or analyzing performance .	1	can use	implementations of other OSIDs	the service to record detailed data during development , debugging , or analyzing performance
Applying this technique facilitates the connection of the center of the foot with the lower abdomen .	1	facilitates	Applying this technique	the connection of the center of the foot with the lower abdomen
As Attorney General he clashed with Daniel O'Connell when he insisted , against O'Connell 's wishes , on the appointment of Abraham Brewster as Law Adviser to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland .	1	clashed	he	with Daniel O'Connell when he insisted , against O'Connell 's wishes , on the appointment of Abraham Brewster as Law Adviser to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland
As Attorney General he clashed with Daniel O'Connell when he insisted , against O'Connell 's wishes , on the appointment of Abraham Brewster as Law Adviser to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland .	1	insisted	he	on the appointment of Abraham Brewster as Law Adviser to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland
As a group , the team was enshrined into the Basketball Hall of Fame in 1959 .	1	was enshrined	the team	into the Basketball Hall of Fame in 1959
As a result , it becomes clear that the microbe can not survive outside a narrow pH range .	1	becomes	it	clear that the microbe can not survive outside a narrow pH range
As a result , it becomes clear that the microbe can not survive outside a narrow pH range .	1	can not survive	the microbe	outside a narrow pH range
As a result , the lower river had to be dredged three times in two years .	1	had	the lower river	to be dredged three times in two years
As early as the 15th century , the French kings sent commissioners to the provinces to inspect on royal and administrative affairs and to take necessary action .	1	sent	the French kings	commissioners to the provinces to inspect on royal and administrative affairs and to take necessary action
As early as the 15th century , the French kings sent commissioners to the provinces to inspect on royal and administrative affairs and to take necessary action .	1	to inspect	the provinces	on royal and administrative affairs
As early as the 15th century , the French kings sent commissioners to the provinces to inspect on royal and administrative affairs and to take necessary action .	1	to take	the French kings	necessary action
As in his first novel , Armah contrasts the two worlds of materialism and moral values , corruption and dreams , two worlds of integrity and social pressure .	1	contrasts	Armah	the two worlds of materialism and moral values , corruption and dreams , two
As is true for all sensors , absolute accuracy of a measurement requires a functionality for calibration .	1	is	As	true for all sensors
As is true for all sensors , absolute accuracy of a measurement requires a functionality for calibration .	1	requires	absolute accuracy of a measurement	a functionality for calibration
As of '' A Wind in the Door '' , Sandy aspires to become a banker , on the grounds that it is practical and lucrative .	1	aspires	Sandy	to become a banker
As of '' A Wind in the Door '' , Sandy aspires to become a banker , on the grounds that it is practical and lucrative .	1	is	it	practical and lucrative
As part of several efforts to have the Gypsy Horse recognized as a breed outside the Romanichal community , a more descriptive name was sought for it , starting in the 1990s .	1	recognized	the Gypsy Horse	as a breed outside the Romanichal community
As part of several efforts to have the Gypsy Horse recognized as a breed outside the Romanichal community , a more descriptive name was sought for it , starting in the 1990s .	1	was sought	a more descriptive name	for it
As part of several efforts to have the Gypsy Horse recognized as a breed outside the Romanichal community , a more descriptive name was sought for it , starting in the 1990s .	1	starting	a more descriptive name	in the 1990s
As part of several efforts to have the Gypsy Horse recognized as a breed outside the Romanichal community , a more descriptive name was sought for it , starting in the 1990s .	1	to have	several efforts	the Gypsy Horse recognized as a breed outside the Romanichal community
Assisting in the recording process were Fernando Cabello and two friends of the group , Eva Dalda and Lydia Iovanne .	1	were	Assisting in the recording process	Fernando Cabello and two friends of the group
Assisting in the recording process were Fernando Cabello and two friends of the group , Eva Dalda and Lydia Iovanne .	1	Assisting	 	in the recording process
At a presentation in the Toronto Pearson International Airport hangar , Celine Dion helped the newly solvent airline debut its new image .	1	helped	Celine Dion	the newly solvent airline debut its new image
At least 11 villagers disappeared and 8 people were killed in the ensuing tsunami , two of which are prisoners at one of the Permisan prisons .	1	disappeared	At least 11 villagers	 
At least 11 villagers disappeared and 8 people were killed in the ensuing tsunami , two of which are prisoners at one of the Permisan prisons .	1	were killed	8 people	in the ensuing tsunami
At least 11 villagers disappeared and 8 people were killed in the ensuing tsunami , two of which are prisoners at one of the Permisan prisons .	1	are	two of which	prisoners at one of the Permisan prisons
At least 11 villagers disappeared and 8 people were killed in the ensuing tsunami , two of which are prisoners at one of the Permisan prisons .	1	were killed	the	ensuing tsunami
At no cost to the parents , these services are provided in compliance with state and federal law ; and are reasonably calculated to yield meaningful educational benefit and student progress .	1	are provided	these services	in compliance with state and federal law
At no cost to the parents , these services are provided in compliance with state and federal law ; and are reasonably calculated to yield meaningful educational benefit and student progress .	1	are reasonably calculated	these services	to yield meaningful educational benefit and student progress
At one point , Ballard is nearly possessed , but resists when she is given a drug and discovers that the spirits are attacking them as they believe that the humans are invaders and plan to exterminate the humans on Mars .	1	is nearly possessed	Ballard	one point
At one point , Ballard is nearly possessed , but resists when she is given a drug and discovers that the spirits are attacking them as they believe that the humans are invaders and plan to exterminate the humans on Mars .	1	resists	Ballard	when she is given a drug and discovers that the spirits are attacking
At one point , Ballard is nearly possessed , but resists when she is given a drug and discovers that the spirits are attacking them as they believe that the humans are invaders and plan to exterminate the humans on Mars .	1	is given	she	a drug
At one point , Ballard is nearly possessed , but resists when she is given a drug and discovers that the spirits are attacking them as they believe that the humans are invaders and plan to exterminate the humans on Mars .	1	discovers	she	that the spirits are attacking them
Barbara , however , unable to leave behind her vigilante life , fought a mugger and ultimately miscarried her child .	1	fought	Barbara	a mugger
Barbara , however , unable to leave behind her vigilante life , fought a mugger and ultimately miscarried her child .	1	miscarried	Barbara	her child
Barbara , however , unable to leave behind her vigilante life , fought a mugger and ultimately miscarried her child .	1	to leave	Barbara	behind her vigilante life
Because Yesler Way marks the boundary between two different plats , the street grid north of Yesler does not line up with the neighborhood 's other streets , so the northern '' border '' of the district zigzags along numerous streets .	1	marks	Yesler Way	the boundary between two different plats
Because Yesler Way marks the boundary between two different plats , the street grid north of Yesler does not line up with the neighborhood 's other streets , so the northern '' border '' of the district zigzags along numerous streets .	1	does not line up	the street grid north of Yesler	with the neighborhood 's other streets
Because of Muhammad 's role in its formation , the alliance plays a significant role in Islamic ethics .	1	plays	the alliance	a significant role in Islamic ethics
Because of his talents and training , Beast can outperform any Olympic - level athlete , contorting his body and performing aerial feats gracefully .	1	contorting	Beast	his body
Because of his talents and training , Beast can outperform any Olympic - level athlete , contorting his body and performing aerial feats gracefully .	1	performing	Beast	aerial feats gracefully
Because of his talents and training , Beast can outperform any Olympic - level athlete , contorting his body and performing aerial feats gracefully .	1	can outperform	Beast	any Olympic - level athlete
Bruce 's Justice Lord counterpart was happily married to Wonder Woman as well until her Justice Lord counterpart killed him .	1	was happily	Bruce 's Justice Lord counterpart	married to Wonder Woman as well until her Justice Lord counterpart killed him
Bruce 's Justice Lord counterpart was happily married to Wonder Woman as well until her Justice Lord counterpart killed him .	1	killed	her Justice Lord counterpart	him
Burnham died of heart failure at the age of 86 , on September 1 , 1947 at his home in Santa , Barbara , California .	1	died	 	of
But this practice simply reduces government interest costs rather than truly canceling government debt , and can result in hyperinflation if used unsparingly .	1	reduces	this practice	government interest costs rather than truly canceling government debt
But this practice simply reduces government interest costs rather than truly canceling government debt , and can result in hyperinflation if used unsparingly .	1	used	hyperinflation	unsparingly
But this practice simply reduces government interest costs rather than truly canceling government debt , and can result in hyperinflation if used unsparingly .	1	truly canceling	this practice	government debt
But this practice simply reduces government interest costs rather than truly canceling government debt , and can result in hyperinflation if used unsparingly .	1	can result	this practice	in hyperinflation
By then , she was raising not only her own children but also her nephews , who had been orphaned by the plague .	1	was raising	she	not only her own children but also her nephews
By then , she was raising not only her own children but also her nephews , who had been orphaned by the plague .	1	had been orphaned	her nephews	by the plague
By this point , Simpson had returned to his mansion in Brentwood and had surrendered to police .	1	had returned	Simpson	to his mansion in Brentwood
By this point , Simpson had returned to his mansion in Brentwood and had surrendered to police .	1	had surrendered	Simpson	to police
Byers states that global citizenship is a '' powerful term '' because '' people that invoke it do so to provoke and justify action , '' and encourages the attendees of his lecture to re-appropriate it in order for its meaning to have a positive purpose , based on idealistic values .	1	states	Byers	that global citizenship is a '' powerful term '' because '' people that invoke it do so
Byers states that global citizenship is a '' powerful term '' because '' people that invoke it do so to provoke and justify action , '' and encourages the attendees of his lecture to re-appropriate it in order for its meaning to have a positive purpose , based on idealistic values .	1	is	global citizenship	a '' powerful term '' because '' people that invoke it
Byers states that global citizenship is a '' powerful term '' because '' people that invoke it do so to provoke and justify action , '' and encourages the attendees of his lecture to re-appropriate it in order for its meaning to have a positive purpose , based on idealistic values .	1	encourages	people that invoke it	the attendees of his lecture to re-appropriate it in order
Byers states that global citizenship is a '' powerful term '' because '' people that invoke it do so to provoke and justify action , '' and encourages the attendees of his lecture to re-appropriate it in order for its meaning to have a positive purpose , based on idealistic values .	1	invoke	people	it
Carl uses the '' old magic '' to tame the Deep Crow , claiming it is not his '' first time to the rodeo . ''	1	uses	Carl	the '' old magic '' to tame the Deep Crow
Carl uses the '' old magic '' to tame the Deep Crow , claiming it is not his '' first time to the rodeo . ''	1	claiming	 	it is not his '' first time to the rodeo
Carl uses the '' old magic '' to tame the Deep Crow , claiming it is not his '' first time to the rodeo . ''	1	to tame	the '' old magic	the Deep Crow
Certain fractional quantum Hall phases appear to have the right properties for building a topological quantum computer .	1	appear	Certain fractional quantum Hall phases	 
Certain fractional quantum Hall phases appear to have the right properties for building a topological quantum computer .	1	for building	the	a topological quantum computer
Chevalier fulfilled his promise the following year by erecting a shrine dedicated to the honour of Mary under the title of '' Our Lady of the Sacred Heart '' .	1	fulfilled his promise the following year by erecting	Chevalier	the following year
Chevalier fulfilled his promise the following year by erecting a shrine dedicated to the honour of Mary under the title of '' Our Lady of the Sacred Heart '' .	1	dedicated	a shrine	to the honour of Mary under the title
Cis - regulatory elements are sequences that control the transcription of a nearby gene .	1	are	Cis - regulatory elements	sequences that control the transcription of a nearby gene
Cis - regulatory elements are sequences that control the transcription of a nearby gene .	1	control	sequences	the transcription of a nearby gene
Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington filed an Ethics Committee complaint against Bond over his role in the ouster of Graves .	1	filed	Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington	an Ethics Committee complaint against Bond
Combined with appropriate match pellets these rifles produce a consistent 10 ring performance , so a non-maximal result during the initial phase can be attributed to the participant .	1	produce	these rifles	a consistent 10 ring performance
Combined with appropriate match pellets these rifles produce a consistent 10 ring performance , so a non-maximal result during the initial phase can be attributed to the participant .	1	Combined	 	with appropriate match pellets
Combined with appropriate match pellets these rifles produce a consistent 10 ring performance , so a non-maximal result during the initial phase can be attributed to the participant .	1	can be attributed	a non-maximal result during the initial phase	to the participant
Combined with appropriate match pellets these rifles produce a consistent 10 ring performance , so a non-maximal result during the initial phase can be attributed to the participant .	1	can be attributed	a non-maximal result during the initial phase	to the participant
Curley was the first classical organist to perform a solo organ recital at the White House , and also played before several European heads of state .	1	was	Curley	the first classical organist to perform a solo organ recital at the White House ,
Curley was the first classical organist to perform a solo organ recital at the White House , and also played before several European heads of state .	1	played	Curley	before several European heads of state
Curley was the first classical organist to perform a solo organ recital at the White House , and also played before several European heads of state .	1	to perform	the first classical organist	a solo organ recital at the White House
DC Comics held a memorial service in Manhattan 's Lower East Side , a neighborhood Eisner often visited in his work , at the Angel Orensanz Foundation on Norfolk Street .	1	held	DC Comics	a memorial service in Manhattan 's Lower East Side
DC Comics held a memorial service in Manhattan 's Lower East Side , a neighborhood Eisner often visited in his work , at the Angel Orensanz Foundation on Norfolk Street .	1	visited	a neighborhood Eisner	 
Despite the below - freezing temperatures , Beuerlein was red - hot , out - dueling Brett Favre and connecting on 29 of 42 attempts , with 3 TDs and no INTs , and passing for a then franchise - record 373 yards .	1	was	Beuerlein	red - hot
Despite the below - freezing temperatures , Beuerlein was red - hot , out - dueling Brett Favre and connecting on 29 of 42 attempts , with 3 TDs and no INTs , and passing for a then franchise - record 373 yards .	1	freezing	Beuerlein	 
Despite the below - freezing temperatures , Beuerlein was red - hot , out - dueling Brett Favre and connecting on 29 of 42 attempts , with 3 TDs and no INTs , and passing for a then franchise - record 373 yards .	1	connecting	Beuerlein	on 29 of 42 attempts
Despite the below - freezing temperatures , Beuerlein was red - hot , out - dueling Brett Favre and connecting on 29 of 42 attempts , with 3 TDs and no INTs , and passing for a then franchise - record 373 yards .	1	connecting	Beuerlein	on 29 of 42 attempts
Dodo was originally intended to have a '' common '' accent , and is portrayed this way at the end of '' The Massacre '' .	1	was originally intended	Dodo	originally intended to have a '' common '' accent
Dodo was originally intended to have a '' common '' accent , and is portrayed this way at the end of '' The Massacre '' .	1	is portrayed	Dodo	this way at the end of '' The Massacre
Dr. Pim played for Ireland against England in 1892 , 1893 , 1894 and 1896 .	1	played	Dr. Pim	for Ireland against England in 1892
Due to the opposing nature of the two songs , they can be viewed as a debate on the opposing attitudes on love found throughout the play .	1	found	love	throughout the play
Due to the opposing nature of the two songs , they can be viewed as a debate on the opposing attitudes on love found throughout the play .	1	opposing	the	nature of the two songs
Due to the opposing nature of the two songs , they can be viewed as a debate on the opposing attitudes on love found throughout the play .	1	found	love	throughout the play
Due to the transmitter location being based in Tyrone and a smaller signal wattage , it was barely hearable in the northern portions of Atlanta beyond the downtown area or even the northern reaches of Fulton or DeKalb Counties , as it was a rimshot to the southwest of the city .	1	was	it	a rimshot to the southwest of the city
Due to the transmitter location being based in Tyrone and a smaller signal wattage , it was barely hearable in the northern portions of Atlanta beyond the downtown area or even the northern reaches of Fulton or DeKalb Counties , as it was a rimshot to the southwest of the city .	1	was	it	a rimshot to the southwest of the city
Due to the transmitter location being based in Tyrone and a smaller signal wattage , it was barely hearable in the northern portions of Atlanta beyond the downtown area or even the northern reaches of Fulton or DeKalb Counties , as it was a rimshot to the southwest of the city .	1	being based	the transmitter location	in Tyrone and a smaller signal wattage
During the Second World War , the number of Turkish run cafes increased from 20 in 1939 to 200 in 1945 which created a demand for more Turkish Cypriot workers .	1	created	1945	a demand for more Turkish Cypriot workers
During the Second World War , the number of Turkish run cafes increased from 20 in 1939 to 200 in 1945 which created a demand for more Turkish Cypriot workers .	1	increased	the number of Turkish run cafes	from 20 in 1939 to 200 in 1945
During the morning and evening rush hours some services run direct to / from Paddington and Reading .	1	run direct	some services	/ from Paddington and Reading
During the off - season the ACT Rugby Union was renamed the ACT and Southern NSW Rugby Union , and the name of the team was changed to Brumbies Rugby .	1	was renamed	the ACT Rugby Union	the ACT and Southern NSW Rugby Union
During the off - season the ACT Rugby Union was renamed the ACT and Southern NSW Rugby Union , and the name of the team was changed to Brumbies Rugby .	1	was changed	the name of the team	to Brumbies Rugby
Each of the Matoran brought their Toa stone and met each other at the Great Temple .	1	brought	Each of the Matoran	their Toa stone
Each of the Matoran brought their Toa stone and met each other at the Great Temple .	1	met	Each of the Matoran	each other at the Great Temple
Each time Cluemaster escapes or starts some new plan , Stephanie dons her costume again .	1	escapes	Cluemaster	time
Each time Cluemaster escapes or starts some new plan , Stephanie dons her costume again .	1	starts	Cluemaster	some new plan
Each time Cluemaster escapes or starts some new plan , Stephanie dons her costume again .	1	dons	Stephanie	her costume again
Erotica and pornography involving sex between women have been predominantly produced by men for a male and female audience .	1	have been predominantly produced	Erotica and pornography involving sex between	by men for a male and female audience
Erotica and pornography involving sex between women have been predominantly produced by men for a male and female audience .	1	involving	Erotica and pornography	sex between women
Failure to perform the duty could lead to prosecution at law and re-enslavement .	1	could lead	Failure to perform the duty	to prosecution at law and re-enslavement
Failure to perform the duty could lead to prosecution at law and re-enslavement .	1	to perform	Failure	the duty
Falun Gong 's teachings are compiled from Li 's lectures , and Li holds definitional power in that belief system .	1	holds	Li	definitional power in that belief system
Falun Gong 's teachings are compiled from Li 's lectures , and Li holds definitional power in that belief system .	1	are compiled	Falun Gong 's teachings	from Li 's lectures
Fans reacted to the news of the suspension by canceling their XM Radio subscriptions , with some fans even going as far as smashing their XM units .	1	reacted	Fans	to the news of the suspension by canceling their XM Radio subscriptions
Fans reacted to the news of the suspension by canceling their XM Radio subscriptions , with some fans even going as far as smashing their XM units .	1	by canceling	Fans	their XM Radio subscriptions
Fans reacted to the news of the suspension by canceling their XM Radio subscriptions , with some fans even going as far as smashing their XM units .	1	even going	some fans	as far as smashing their XM units
Fans reacted to the news of the suspension by canceling their XM Radio subscriptions , with some fans even going as far as smashing their XM units .	1	as smashing	some fans	their XM units
From 1909 to 1912 , the Miami Canal was dug , bypassing the rapids at the head of the North Fork .	1	was dug	the Miami Canal	1909 to 1912
From the start of the first semester of 2010 , the University banned smoking on any of its property , including inside and outside buildings in areas that were once designated as smoking areas .	1	were	areas	once designated as smoking areas
From the start of the first semester of 2010 , the University banned smoking on any of its property , including inside and outside buildings in areas that were once designated as smoking areas .	1	banned	the University	smoking on any of its property , including inside and outside buildings in areas
Furthermore , knowledge and interest pertaining to the event , as well as the level of importance , contribute to the frequency of rehearsal .	1	contribute	knowledge and interest pertaining to the event , as well as the level of importance	to the frequency of rehearsal
Furthermore , knowledge and interest pertaining to the event , as well as the level of importance , contribute to the frequency of rehearsal .	1	pertaining	knowledge and interest	to the event
Gameplay is very basic ; the player must shoot constantly at a continual stream of enemies in order to reach the end of each level .	1	is	Gameplay	very basic
Gameplay is very basic ; the player must shoot constantly at a continual stream of enemies in order to reach the end of each level .	1	must shoot constantly	the player	at a continual stream of enemies in order
Gameplay is very basic ; the player must shoot constantly at a continual stream of enemies in order to reach the end of each level .	1	to reach	the player	the end of each level
Gavin Hood is a South African filmmaker , screenwriter , producer and actor , best known for writing and directing the Academy Award - winning Foreign Language Film '' Tsotsi '' .	1	is	Gavin Hood	a South African filmmaker , screenwriter , producer and actor , best known for writing and directing the Academy Award - winning Foreign Language Film
Gavin Hood is a South African filmmaker , screenwriter , producer and actor , best known for writing and directing the Academy Award - winning Foreign Language Film '' Tsotsi '' .	1	known	a	for writing and directing the Academy Award - winning Foreign Language Film
Gavin Hood is a South African filmmaker , screenwriter , producer and actor , best known for writing and directing the Academy Award - winning Foreign Language Film '' Tsotsi '' .	1	directing	 	the Academy Award - winning Foreign Language Film
George Bluth Sr. , patriarch of the Bluth family , is the founder and former CEO of the Bluth Company which markets and builds mini-mansions among many other activities .	1	is	George Bluth Sr.	the founder and former CEO of the Bluth Company
George Bluth Sr. , patriarch of the Bluth family , is the founder and former CEO of the Bluth Company which markets and builds mini-mansions among many other activities .	1	builds	the	mini-mansions among many other activities
Godzilla and Battra battled on the ocean floor , until they caused a rift to open between tectonic plates .	1	battled	Godzilla and Battra	on the ocean floor
Godzilla and Battra battled on the ocean floor , until they caused a rift to open between tectonic plates .	1	caused	they	a rift to open between tectonic plates
Good 1H NMR spectra can be acquired with 16 repeats , which takes only minutes .	1	takes	16 repeats	only minutes
Good 1H NMR spectra can be acquired with 16 repeats , which takes only minutes .	1	be acquired	Good 1H NMR spectra	with 16 repeats
Good 1H NMR spectra can be acquired with 16 repeats , which takes only minutes .	1	can be acquired	Good 1H NMR spectra	with 16
HTB 's aim is for an Alpha course to be accessible to anyone who would like to attend the course , and in this way HTB seeks to spread the teachings of Christianity .	1	is	HTB 's aim	for an Alpha course
HTB 's aim is for an Alpha course to be accessible to anyone who would like to attend the course , and in this way HTB seeks to spread the teachings of Christianity .	1	seeks	HTB	to spread the teachings of Christianity
HTB 's aim is for an Alpha course to be accessible to anyone who would like to attend the course , and in this way HTB seeks to spread the teachings of Christianity .	1	would like	anyone	to attend the course
HTB 's aim is for an Alpha course to be accessible to anyone who would like to attend the course , and in this way HTB seeks to spread the teachings of Christianity .	1	to be	HTB 's aim is for an Alpha course	accessible to anyone
Hapoel Lod played in the top division during the 1960s and 1980s , and won the State Cup in 1984 .	1	played	Hapoel Lod	in the top division during the 1960s and 1980s
Hapoel Lod played in the top division during the 1960s and 1980s , and won the State Cup in 1984 .	1	won	Hapoel Lod	the State Cup in 1984
Having been directed to found a monastery of his order in the United States in 1873 , Fr .	1	been directed	Having	to found a monastery of his order in the United States in 1873
Having been directed to found a monastery of his order in the United States in 1873 , Fr .	1	to found	Having	a monastery of his order in the United States in 1873
Having been directed to found a monastery of his order in the United States in 1873 , Fr .	1	to found	 	a monastery of his order in the United States in 1873
Hawker Pacific Aerospace is a MRO - Service company which offers landing gear and hydraulic MRO services for all major aircraft types .	1	is	Hawker Pacific Aerospace	a MRO - Service company
Hawker Pacific Aerospace is a MRO - Service company which offers landing gear and hydraulic MRO services for all major aircraft types .	1	offers	a MRO - Service company	landing gear and hydraulic MRO services for all major aircraft types
He also possesses enhanced senses and can track people for great distances over open terrain and his feet are sensitive enough to detect electronic signals through solid walls and floors .	1	possesses	He	enhanced senses
He also possesses enhanced senses and can track people for great distances over open terrain and his feet are sensitive enough to detect electronic signals through solid walls and floors .	1	are	his feet	sensitive enough to detect electronic signals through solid walls and floors
He also possesses enhanced senses and can track people for great distances over open terrain and his feet are sensitive enough to detect electronic signals through solid walls and floors .	1	can track	He	people for great distances over open terrain
He also took 124 wickets , with 7 for 39 and 6 for 44 against Sargodha in 1962 - 63 his best bowling figures .	1	took	He	124 wickets
He appeared in that game alongside his Arsenal midfield colleague Brian Marwood , who had joined them from Sheffield Wednesday eight months earlier .	1	appeared	He	in that game alongside his Arsenal midfield colleague
He appeared in that game alongside his Arsenal midfield colleague Brian Marwood , who had joined them from Sheffield Wednesday eight months earlier .	1	had joined	his Arsenal midfield colleague Brian Marwood	them from Sheffield Wednesday eight months earlier
He defines Wild Cards as ' Low Probability , High Impact events that , were they to occur , would severely impact the human condition ' .	1	were	 	they to occur
He defines Wild Cards as ' Low Probability , High Impact events that , were they to occur , would severely impact the human condition ' .	1	defines	He	Wild Cards as ' Low Probability
He defines Wild Cards as ' Low Probability , High Impact events that , were they to occur , would severely impact the human condition ' .	1	would severely impact	 	the human condition
He finds himself in a desert as a group of Neo Arcadians surround him , ending the game .	1	finds	He	himself in a desert as a group of Neo Arcadians
He finds himself in a desert as a group of Neo Arcadians surround him , ending the game .	1	surround	a group of Neo Arcadians	him
He had spent 11 years in jail despite having been acquitted twice .	1	had spent	He	11 years in jail
He had spent 11 years in jail despite having been acquitted twice .	1	having been acquitted	He	twice
He is idolized , receiving the name of '' God '' .	1	is idolized	 	 
He left his old company , V2 records , wanting to expand his career into something bigger .	1	left	He	his old company
He left his old company , V2 records , wanting to expand his career into something bigger .	1	wanting	He	to expand his career into something bigger
He left only a small contingent to guard the defile , and took his entire army to destroy the plain that lay ahead of Alexander 's army .	1	left	He	only a small contingent to guard the defile
He left only a small contingent to guard the defile , and took his entire army to destroy the plain that lay ahead of Alexander 's army .	1	took	He	his entire army to destroy the plain
He left only a small contingent to guard the defile , and took his entire army to destroy the plain that lay ahead of Alexander 's army .	1	lay	the plain	ahead of Alexander 's army
He left only a small contingent to guard the defile , and took his entire army to destroy the plain that lay ahead of Alexander 's army .	1	to guard	only a small contingent	the defile
He lodged near the hospital at 28 St Thomas 's Street in Southwark , with other medical students , including Henry Stephens who became a famous inventor and ink magnate .	1	lodged	He	near the hospital at 28 St Thomas 's Street in Southwark
He lodged near the hospital at 28 St Thomas 's Street in Southwark , with other medical students , including Henry Stephens who became a famous inventor and ink magnate .	1	became	Henry Stephens	a famous inventor and ink magnate
He lodged near the hospital at 28 St Thomas 's Street in Southwark , with other medical students , including Henry Stephens who became a famous inventor and ink magnate .	1	including	other medical students	Henry Stephens
He played Perker in the 1985 adaptation of '' The Pickwick Papers '' .	1	played	He	Perker in the 1985 adaptation of '' The Pickwick Papers
He represented the riding of Nickel Belt in the Sudbury , Ontario area .	1	represented	He	the riding of Nickel Belt in the Sudbury
He talked to McGee about using his name and received permission , which is confirmed by correspondence between McGee and his family .	1	talked	He	to McGee about using his name
He talked to McGee about using his name and received permission , which is confirmed by correspondence between McGee and his family .	1	received	He	permission , which is confirmed by correspondence between McGee and his family
He talked to McGee about using his name and received permission , which is confirmed by correspondence between McGee and his family .	1	is confirmed	permission	by correspondence between McGee and his family
He talked to McGee about using his name and received permission , which is confirmed by correspondence between McGee and his family .	1	about using	He	his name
He was a member of the European Convention , which drafted the text of the European Constitution that never entered into force .	1	was	He	a member of the European Convention
He was a member of the European Convention , which drafted the text of the European Constitution that never entered into force .	1	drafted	the European Convention	the text of the European Constitution
He was a member of the European Convention , which drafted the text of the European Constitution that never entered into force .	1	never entered	the European Constitution	into force
He was buried in the Abbey of the Psalms mausoleum at the Hollywood Forever Cemetery .	1	was buried	He	in the Abbey of the Psalms mausoleum at the Hollywood Forever Cemetery
He was subsequently reprieved for a month , and then again for a week .	1	was subsequently reprieved	He	subsequently reprieved for a month
Her image held aloft signifies the Earth , which '' hangs in the air '' .	1	held	Her image	aloft
Her image held aloft signifies the Earth , which '' hangs in the air '' .	1	signifies	Her image held aloft	the Earth
Her image held aloft signifies the Earth , which '' hangs in the air '' .	1	hangs	the Earth	in the air
Hilf al - Fudul was a 7th - century alliance created by various Meccans , including the Islamic prophet Muhammad , to establish fair commercial dealing .	1	was	Hilf al - Fudul	a 7th - century alliance created by various Meccans , including the Islamic prophet Muhammad , to establish fair commercial dealing
Hilf al - Fudul was a 7th - century alliance created by various Meccans , including the Islamic prophet Muhammad , to establish fair commercial dealing .	1	created	a 7th - century alliance	by various Meccans , including the Islamic prophet Muhammad
Hilf al - Fudul was a 7th - century alliance created by various Meccans , including the Islamic prophet Muhammad , to establish fair commercial dealing .	1	to establish	a 7th - century alliance	fair commercial dealing
Historically , Aiseau was a village dedicated to agriculture , logging , but also to the industry .	1	was	Aiseau	a village dedicated to agriculture , logging , but also to the industry
Hoechst 33342 and 33258 are quenched by Bromodeoxyuridine , which is commonly used to detect dividing cells .	1	is commonly used	Bromodeoxyuridine	to detect dividing cells
Hoechst 33342 and 33258 are quenched by Bromodeoxyuridine , which is commonly used to detect dividing cells .	1	are quenched	Hoechst 33342 and 33258	by Bromodeoxyuridine
Hoechst 33342 and 33258 are quenched by Bromodeoxyuridine , which is commonly used to detect dividing cells .	1	to detect	Bromodeoxyuridine	dividing cells
Hofmann was a below - average high school student , but he had many hobbies including magic , electronics , chemistry , and stamp and coin collecting .	1	was	Hofmann	a below - average high school student
Hofmann was a below - average high school student , but he had many hobbies including magic , electronics , chemistry , and stamp and coin collecting .	1	had	he	many hobbies including magic , electronics , chemistry , and stamp and coin collecting
However , after pressure campaigns from various human rights groups , BAE Systems recently stated it no longer produces land mines or cluster bombs .	1	stated	BAE Systems	it no longer produces land mines or cluster bombs
However , after pressure campaigns from various human rights groups , BAE Systems recently stated it no longer produces land mines or cluster bombs .	1	produces	it	land mines or cluster bombs
However , after pressure campaigns from various human rights groups , BAE Systems recently stated it no longer produces land mines or cluster bombs .	1	produces	it	land mines or cluster bombs
However , comic relief sidekick '' Mike McGurk '' bears some resemblance to Tracy 's partner from the strip , Pat Patton ; Tracy 's secretary , Gwen Andrews , provides the same kind of feminine interest as Tess Trueheart ; and FBI Director Clive Anderson is the same kind of avuncular superior as Chief Brandon .	1	bears	comic relief sidekick	some resemblance to Tracy 's partner from the strip
However , comic relief sidekick '' Mike McGurk '' bears some resemblance to Tracy 's partner from the strip , Pat Patton ; Tracy 's secretary , Gwen Andrews , provides the same kind of feminine interest as Tess Trueheart ; and FBI Director Clive Anderson is the same kind of avuncular superior as Chief Brandon .	1	provides	Tracy 's secretary	the same kind of feminine interest as Tess Trueheart
However , comic relief sidekick '' Mike McGurk '' bears some resemblance to Tracy 's partner from the strip , Pat Patton ; Tracy 's secretary , Gwen Andrews , provides the same kind of feminine interest as Tess Trueheart ; and FBI Director Clive Anderson is the same kind of avuncular superior as Chief Brandon .	1	is	FBI Director Clive Anderson	the same kind of avuncular superior as Chief Brandon
However , during his rehearsal , Knievel lost control of the motorcycle and crashed into a cameraman .	1	lost	Knievel	control of the motorcycle
However , during his rehearsal , Knievel lost control of the motorcycle and crashed into a cameraman .	1	crashed	Knievel	into a cameraman
However , it became far less safe for the Nationals from 1983 onward , and strong population growth over the last three decades has seen it progressively lose its rural territory and reduced it to a more coastal - based and urbanised division .	1	became	it	far less safe for the Nationals from 1983 onward
However , it became far less safe for the Nationals from 1983 onward , and strong population growth over the last three decades has seen it progressively lose its rural territory and reduced it to a more coastal - based and urbanised division .	1	reduced	it	it to a more coastal - based and urbanised division
However , it became far less safe for the Nationals from 1983 onward , and strong population growth over the last three decades has seen it progressively lose its rural territory and reduced it to a more coastal - based and urbanised division .	1	has seen	strong population growth over the last three decades	it progressively lose its rural territory and reduced it to a more coastal - based and urbanised division
However , it became far less safe for the Nationals from 1983 onward , and strong population growth over the last three decades has seen it progressively lose its rural territory and reduced it to a more coastal - based and urbanised division .	1	lose	it	its rural territory
However , when the antigenicities of the seed strains and wild viruses do not match , vaccines fail to protect the vaccinees .	1	do not match	the antigenicities of the seed strains and wild viruses	 
However , when the antigenicities of the seed strains and wild viruses do not match , vaccines fail to protect the vaccinees .	1	fail	vaccines	to protect the vaccinees
If given this data , the Germans would be able to adjust their aim and correct any shortfall .	1	given	If	this data
If given this data , the Germans would be able to adjust their aim and correct any shortfall .	1	would be	the Germans	able to adjust their aim and correct any shortfall
If the second excitation pulse is sent prematurely before the relaxation is complete , the average magnetization vector still points in a nonparallel direction , giving suboptimal absorption and emission of the pulse .	1	is sent	the second excitation pulse	before the relaxation is complete
If the second excitation pulse is sent prematurely before the relaxation is complete , the average magnetization vector still points in a nonparallel direction , giving suboptimal absorption and emission of the pulse .	1	is	the relaxation	complete
If the second excitation pulse is sent prematurely before the relaxation is complete , the average magnetization vector still points in a nonparallel direction , giving suboptimal absorption and emission of the pulse .	1	points	the average magnetization vector	in a nonparallel direction
If the second excitation pulse is sent prematurely before the relaxation is complete , the average magnetization vector still points in a nonparallel direction , giving suboptimal absorption and emission of the pulse .	1	giving	the average magnetization vector	suboptimal absorption and emission of the pulse
In 1005 for example , the governor of the important Adriatic port of Dyrrhachium had surrendered the town to Basil II .	1	had surrendered	the governor of the important Adriatic port of Dyrrhachium	the town
In 1866 , he began a second term as Lord Chancellor , which ended with his death in the next year .	1	began	he	a second term as Lord Chancellor
In 1866 , he began a second term as Lord Chancellor , which ended with his death in the next year .	1	ended	Lord Chancellor	with his death in the next year
In 1911 , with Francis La Flesche , she published '' The Omaha Tribe '' .	1	published	she	The Omaha Tribe
In 1926 , '' The News and Courier '' was bought by the owners of Charleston 's main evening paper , '' The Evening Post . ''	1	was bought	The News and Courier	by the owners of Charleston 's main evening paper
In 1954 , a KOMO news photographer discovered a way to develop color film in a new process that took just a few hours instead of days .	1	discovered	a KOMO news photographer	a way to develop color film in a new process
In 1954 , a KOMO news photographer discovered a way to develop color film in a new process that took just a few hours instead of days .	1	took	a new process	just a few hours instead of days
In 1964 Barrie appeared in two episodes of '' Alfred Hitchcock Presents '' .	1	appeared	Barrie	in two episodes of '' Alfred Hitchcock Presents
In 1964 Barrie appeared in two episodes of '' Alfred Hitchcock Presents '' .	1	Presents	Barrie appeared in two episodes of '' Alfred Hitchcock	 
In 1972 , he won from Yakutpura and later in 1978 , again from Charminar .	1	won	he	from Yakutpura
In 1972 , researchers found metallic conductivity in the charge - transfer complex TTF - TCNQ .	1	found	researchers	metallic conductivity in the charge - transfer
In 1975 Barrie was directed by Lee Grant in the television movie '' For The Use Of The Hall '' as '' Charlotte '' .	1	was directed	Barrie	by Lee Grant in
In 1977 she appeared in two television films , as the mother of Lesley Ann Warren 's character in '' 79 Park Avenue '' and as Emily McPhail in '' Tell Me My Name '' .	1	appeared	she	in two television films
In 1987 , Rodan became president of the American Society for Bone and Mineral Research .	1	became	Rodan	president of the American Society
In 1990 Kelsang Gyatso became also outspoken against the Geshe Studies Programme , and '' made the pursuit of his new programmes compulsory . ''	1	became	Kelsang Gyatso	outspoken
In 1990 Kelsang Gyatso became also outspoken against the Geshe Studies Programme , and '' made the pursuit of his new programmes compulsory . ''	1	made	Kelsang Gyatso	the pursuit of his new programmes compulsory
In 2004 the Brumbies finished at the top of the Super 12 table , six points clear of the next best team .	1	finished	the Brumbies	at the top of the Super 12
In 2006 they applied for National League Three , finishing in 5th place and qualifying for the play - offs , where they lost to St Albans Centurions .	1	applied	they	for National League Three
In 2006 they applied for National League Three , finishing in 5th place and qualifying for the play - offs , where they lost to St Albans Centurions .	1	lost	they	to St Albans Centurions
In 2006 they applied for National League Three , finishing in 5th place and qualifying for the play - offs , where they lost to St Albans Centurions .	1	finishing	they	in 5th place
In 2007 , Sun announced '' Project Indiana '' with several goals , including providing an open source binary distribution of the OpenSolaris project , replacing SXDE .	1	announced	Sun	Project Indiana '' with several goals , including providing an open source binary distribution of the OpenSolaris project
In 2007 , Sun announced '' Project Indiana '' with several goals , including providing an open source binary distribution of the OpenSolaris project , replacing SXDE .	1	including providing	Project	an open source binary distribution of the OpenSolaris project
In 2007 , Sun announced '' Project Indiana '' with several goals , including providing an open source binary distribution of the OpenSolaris project , replacing SXDE .	1	replacing	Sun announced '' Project Indiana '' with several goals , including providing an open source binary distribution of the OpenSolaris project	SXDE
In 2010 , scam websites co-opted a photograph of her to promote health treatments , the ubiquitous '' 1 weird old tip '' belly fat diets , and penny auctions , unauthorized usage of which Theuriau was initially unaware .	1	co-opted	scam websites	a photograph of her to promote health treatments
In 2010 , scam websites co-opted a photograph of her to promote health treatments , the ubiquitous '' 1 weird old tip '' belly fat diets , and penny auctions , unauthorized usage of which Theuriau was initially unaware .	1	was	Theuriau	initially unaware
In 2010 , scam websites co-opted a photograph of her to promote health treatments , the ubiquitous '' 1 weird old tip '' belly fat diets , and penny auctions , unauthorized usage of which Theuriau was initially unaware .	1	to promote	a photograph of her	health treatments
In 2011 , major vendors launched several consumer - oriented motherboards using the Intel 6 - series LGA 1155 chipset and AMD 9 Series AM3 + chipsets with UEFI .	1	launched	major vendors	several consumer - oriented motherboards using the Intel 6 - series LGA 1155 chipset and AMD 9 Series AM3 + chipsets with UEFI
In 2011 , major vendors launched several consumer - oriented motherboards using the Intel 6 - series LGA 1155 chipset and AMD 9 Series AM3 + chipsets with UEFI .	1	using	several consumer - oriented motherboards	the Intel 6 - series LGA 1155 chipset and AMD 9 Series AM3 + chipsets with UEFI
In 2012 , Bloomberg Businessweek voted San Francisco as America 's Best City .	1	voted	Bloomberg Businessweek	San Francisco as America 's Best City
In 54 BC , Marcus Perperna is mentioned as one of the consulars who bore testimony on behalf of Marcus Aemilius Scaurus at his trial .	1	bore	the consulars	testimony on behalf of Marcus Aemilius Scaurus at his trial
In 54 BC , Marcus Perperna is mentioned as one of the consulars who bore testimony on behalf of Marcus Aemilius Scaurus at his trial .	1	is mentioned	Marcus Perperna	as one of the consulars
In Canada , there are two organizations that regulate university and collegiate athletics .	1	are	there	two organizations that regulate university and collegiate athletics
In Canada , there are two organizations that regulate university and collegiate athletics .	1	regulate	two organizations	university and collegiate athletics
In French , '' droit '' can mean '' the whole body of the Law '' , as in the motto '' dieu et mon droit , '' which is to say '' God and my whole body of Law . ''	1	can mean	droit	the Law
In Jewish Hebrew , the Samaritans are called '' Shomronim '' , while in Samaritan Hebrew they call themselves '' Shamerim '' .	1	are called	the Samaritans	 
In Jewish Hebrew , the Samaritans are called '' Shomronim '' , while in Samaritan Hebrew they call themselves '' Shamerim '' .	1	call	they	themselves
In Jewish belief , its fulfilment will be revealed in the cumulation of Creation , in the era of resurrection , in the physical World .	1	will be revealed	its fulfilment	in the cumulation of Creation
In Jewish belief , its fulfilment will be revealed in the cumulation of Creation , in the era of resurrection , in the physical World .	1	will be revealed	its fulfilment	in the cumulation of Creation
In June , Nasser took control of the interior ministry post from Naguib loyalist Sulayman Hafez , and pressured Naguib to conclude the abolition of the monarchy .	1	took	Nasser	control of the interior ministry post from Naguib
In June , Nasser took control of the interior ministry post from Naguib loyalist Sulayman Hafez , and pressured Naguib to conclude the abolition of the monarchy .	1	pressured	Nasser	Naguib to conclude the abolition of the monarchy
In October 2009 it was confirmed that the Byrom Street cutting was a hitching and unhitching point for trains being cable hauled to Edge Hill via the Victoria Tunnel .	1	was	the Byrom Street cutting	a hitching and unhitching point for trains
In October 2009 it was confirmed that the Byrom Street cutting was a hitching and unhitching point for trains being cable hauled to Edge Hill via the Victoria Tunnel .	1	being	trains	cable hauled to Edge Hill via the Victoria Tunnel
In September 1941 , she joined the Women 's Auxiliary Air Force , working at the Department of the Chief of Air Staff as Assistant Section Officer for Intelligence duties , before being posted in July 1942 to Moreton - in - Marsh , where she was promoted to Section officer .	1	joined	she	the Women 's Auxiliary Air Force
In September 1941 , she joined the Women 's Auxiliary Air Force , working at the Department of the Chief of Air Staff as Assistant Section Officer for Intelligence duties , before being posted in July 1942 to Moreton - in - Marsh , where she was promoted to Section officer .	1	was promoted	she	to Section officer
In September 1941 , she joined the Women 's Auxiliary Air Force , working at the Department of the Chief of Air Staff as Assistant Section Officer for Intelligence duties , before being posted in July 1942 to Moreton - in - Marsh , where she was promoted to Section officer .	1	being posted	she	in July 1942 to Moreton - in - Marsh
In September 1941 , she joined the Women 's Auxiliary Air Force , working at the Department of the Chief of Air Staff as Assistant Section Officer for Intelligence duties , before being posted in July 1942 to Moreton - in - Marsh , where she was promoted to Section officer .	1	working	she	at the Department of the Chief of Air Staff as Assistant Section Officer for Intelligence duties
In Van Howe 's study , all cases of meatal stenosis were among circumcised boys .	1	were	all cases of meatal stenosis	among circumcised boys
In '' The Andromeda Strain '' , Michael Crichton 's first novel published under his real name , only two people exposed to a pathogenic extraterrestrial microbe survive .	1	survive	only two people exposed to a pathogenic extraterrestrial microbe	 
In '' The Andromeda Strain '' , Michael Crichton 's first novel published under his real name , only two people exposed to a pathogenic extraterrestrial microbe survive .	1	published	Michael Crichton 's first novel	under his real name
In '' The Andromeda Strain '' , Michael Crichton 's first novel published under his real name , only two people exposed to a pathogenic extraterrestrial microbe survive .	1	exposed	only two people	to a pathogenic extraterrestrial microbe
In a news post , Holkins stated that he reserved the right to bring Carl back any time Krahulik goes to France .	1	stated	Holkins	that he reserved the right to bring Carl back any time Krahulik goes to France
In a news post , Holkins stated that he reserved the right to bring Carl back any time Krahulik goes to France .	1	reserved	he	the right to bring Carl back any time Krahulik goes to France
In a news post , Holkins stated that he reserved the right to bring Carl back any time Krahulik goes to France .	1	goes	Krahulik	to France
In a typical case of substrate interference , a Language A occupies a given territory and another Language B arrives in the same territory .	1	occupies	a Language A	a given territory
In a typical case of substrate interference , a Language A occupies a given territory and another Language B arrives in the same territory .	1	arrives	another Language B	in the same territory
In addition , as John Cecil Masterman , chairman of the Twenty Committee , commented , '' If , for example , St Paul 's Cathedral were hit , it was useless and harmful to report that the bomb had descended upon a cinema in Islington , since the truth would inevitably get through to Germany ... ''	1	commented	John Cecil Masterman	If , for example , St Paul 's Cathedral were hit , it was useless and harmful to report that the bomb had descended upon a cinema in Islington
In addition , as John Cecil Masterman , chairman of the Twenty Committee , commented , '' If , for example , St Paul 's Cathedral were hit , it was useless and harmful to report that the bomb had descended upon a cinema in Islington , since the truth would inevitably get through to Germany ... ''	1	were hit	St Paul 's Cathedral	 
In addition , as John Cecil Masterman , chairman of the Twenty Committee , commented , '' If , for example , St Paul 's Cathedral were hit , it was useless and harmful to report that the bomb had descended upon a cinema in Islington , since the truth would inevitably get through to Germany ... ''	1	was	it	useless and harmful to report that the bomb had descended upon a cinema in Islington
In addition , as John Cecil Masterman , chairman of the Twenty Committee , commented , '' If , for example , St Paul 's Cathedral were hit , it was useless and harmful to report that the bomb had descended upon a cinema in Islington , since the truth would inevitably get through to Germany ... ''	1	had descended	the bomb	upon a cinema in Islington
In athletics , Boston College left the Big East Conference and joined the Atlantic Coast Conference on July 1 , 2005 .	1	left	Boston College	the Big East Conference
In athletics , Boston College left the Big East Conference and joined the Atlantic Coast Conference on July 1 , 2005 .	1	joined	Boston College	the Atlantic Coast Conference on July 1 , 2005
In both cases this specialized function replaces the basic rifleman position in the fireteam .	1	replaces	this specialized function	the basic rifleman position
In fact , Condon , after seeing Hauptmann in a lineup at New York Police Department Greenwich Street Station told FBI Special Agent Turrou that Hauptmann was not '' John , '' the man to whom Condon claimed he passed the ransom money to in St. Raymond 's Cemetery .	1	told	Condon	FBI Special Agent Turrou that Hauptmann was not '' John
In fact , Condon , after seeing Hauptmann in a lineup at New York Police Department Greenwich Street Station told FBI Special Agent Turrou that Hauptmann was not '' John , '' the man to whom Condon claimed he passed the ransom money to in St. Raymond 's Cemetery .	1	was not	 	John
In fact , Condon , after seeing Hauptmann in a lineup at New York Police Department Greenwich Street Station told FBI Special Agent Turrou that Hauptmann was not '' John , '' the man to whom Condon claimed he passed the ransom money to in St. Raymond 's Cemetery .	1	claimed	 	he passed the ransom money to in St. Raymond 's Cemetery
In fact , Condon , after seeing Hauptmann in a lineup at New York Police Department Greenwich Street Station told FBI Special Agent Turrou that Hauptmann was not '' John , '' the man to whom Condon claimed he passed the ransom money to in St. Raymond 's Cemetery .	1	claimed	 	he passed the ransom money to in St. Raymond 's Cemetery
In its first six months , RCPO concluded 858 cases convictions in 88 % of cases .	1	concluded	RCPO	858 cases convictions in 88 % of cases
In modern classifications , it is often treated as a subfamily of the Glyphipterigidae family .	1	is	it	 
In more recent years , this policy has apparently relaxed somewhat .	1	has apparently relaxed	this policy	
In order to support planned TRAX expansion , UTA ordered 77 Siemens S70 light rail vehicles from Siemens AG .	1	ordered	UTA	77 Siemens S70 light rail vehicles from Siemens AG
In order to support planned TRAX expansion , UTA ordered 77 Siemens S70 light rail vehicles from Siemens AG .	1	to support	In	planned TRAX expansion
In particular , Cyprinidae of southwestern North America have been severely affected ; a considerable number went entirely extinct after settlement by Europeans .	1	went	a considerable number	entirely extinct after settlement by Europeans
In particular , Cyprinidae of southwestern North America have been severely affected ; a considerable number went entirely extinct after settlement by Europeans .	1	have been severely affected	Cyprinidae of southwestern North America	 
In the 1901 election , after which the Oppositionists under George Leake were able to form a minority government , Frank Wilson , formerly the member for Canning , won the seat .	1	were	the Oppositionists under George Leake	able to form a minority government
In the 1901 election , after which the Oppositionists under George Leake were able to form a minority government , Frank Wilson , formerly the member for Canning , won the seat .	1	won	Frank Wilson	the seat
In the 1960s and 70s most of Kabul 's economy depended on tourism .	1	depended	most of Kabul 's economy	on tourism
In the 1986 television series '' War and Remembrance '' , Johns took the role of the senior Nazi SS officer Adolf Eichmann .	1	took	Johns	the role of the senior Nazi SS officer
In the Civil War , he advocated strong prosecution of the Union War effort , the end of slavery , and civil rights for freed African Americans .	1	advocated	he	strong prosecution of the Union War effort
In the Civil War , he advocated strong prosecution of the Union War effort , the end of slavery , and civil rights for freed African Americans .	1	freed	he	African Americans
In the Crimean War , the 5th Dragoon Guards formed part of the Heavy Cavalry Brigade and was sent to the Black Sea in 1854 .	1	formed	the 5th Dragoon Guards	part of the Heavy Cavalry Brigade
In the Crimean War , the 5th Dragoon Guards formed part of the Heavy Cavalry Brigade and was sent to the Black Sea in 1854 .	1	was sent	the 5th Dragoon Guards	to the Black Sea in 1854
In the early 19th century the Welsh Methodists broke away from the Anglican church and established their own denomination , now the Presbyterian Church of Wales .	1	broke	the Welsh Methodists	away from the Anglican church
In the early 19th century the Welsh Methodists broke away from the Anglican church and established their own denomination , now the Presbyterian Church of Wales .	1	established	the Welsh Methodists	their own denomination
In the north and east inhabitants speak Bumthangkha , and in the extreme southeast Khengkha is spoken .	1	is spoken	Khengkha	in the
In the north and east inhabitants speak Bumthangkha , and in the extreme southeast Khengkha is spoken .	1	speak	In the north and east inhabitants	Bumthangkha
In the winter of 1976 , Knievel was scheduled for a major jump in Chicago , Illinois .	1	was scheduled	Knievel	for a major jump in Chicago
In this explanation the purpose of Creation is that '' God desired a dwelling place in the lower realms '' - it is man who transforms the mundane , lowest World into an abode for God 's essence .	1	desired	God	a dwelling place in the lower realms
In this explanation the purpose of Creation is that '' God desired a dwelling place in the lower realms '' - it is man who transforms the mundane , lowest World into an abode for God 's essence .	1	is	it	man
In this explanation the purpose of Creation is that '' God desired a dwelling place in the lower realms '' - it is man who transforms the mundane , lowest World into an abode for God 's essence .	1	is	it	man who transforms the mundane ,
In those years , he began to collaborate with some newspapers .	1	began to collaborate	he	with some newspapers
Initially flying the A-4B Skyhawk , the squadron later transitioned to the A-4L Skyhawk .	1	transitioned	the squadron	to the A-4L Skyhawk
Initially flying the A-4B Skyhawk , the squadron later transitioned to the A-4L Skyhawk .	1	flying	Initially	the A-4B Skyhawk
Initially his chances of surviving were thought to be no better than 50 - 50 .	1	were thought	his chances of surviving	 
It has long hind legs and a long , slender , scaly tail that it uses to communicate by making drumming noises .	1	has	It	long hind legs and a long , slender , scaly tail
It has long hind legs and a long , slender , scaly tail that it uses to communicate by making drumming noises .	1	uses	a long , slender , scaly tail	to communicate by making drumming noises
It has long hind legs and a long , slender , scaly tail that it uses to communicate by making drumming noises .	1	by making	a long , slender , scaly	drumming noises
It is essentially the same as the dialect spoken in Xiamen , and is unintelligible with Standard Chinese .	1	is	It	the same as the dialect spoken in Xiamen , and is unintelligible with Standard Chinese
It is essentially the same as the dialect spoken in Xiamen , and is unintelligible with Standard Chinese .	1	is	It	unintelligible with Standard Chinese
It is essentially the same as the dialect spoken in Xiamen , and is unintelligible with Standard Chinese .	1	spoken	the dialect	in Xiamen
It is not really passable , and must be done on foot if attempted .	1	is not	It	really passable
It is not really passable , and must be done on foot if attempted .	1	attempted	 	 
It is not really passable , and must be done on foot if attempted .	1	must be done	It	on foot
It is part of the Surrey Hills Area of Outstanding Beauty and situated on the Green Sand Way .	1	is	It	part of the Surrey Hills Area of Outstanding Beauty
It is part of the Surrey Hills Area of Outstanding Beauty and situated on the Green Sand Way .	1	situated	It	on the Green Sand Way
It should be noted that these numbers are inclusive of any of the childminders own children .	1	are	these numbers	inclusive of any of the childminders own children
It should be noted that these numbers are inclusive of any of the childminders own children .	1	own	the childminders	children
It should be noted that these numbers are inclusive of any of the childminders own children .	1	should be noted	It	that these numbers are inclusive of any of the childminders own children
It was chosen in 1901 because it was a triangulation station at the junction of the trancontinental triangulation arc of 1899 on the 39th parallel north and the triangulation arc along the 98th meridian west that was near the geographic center of the contiguous United States .	1	was	the 98th meridian west	a triangulation station at the junction of the trancontinental triangulation arc of 1899 on the 39th parallel north and the triangulation arc along
It was chosen in 1901 because it was a triangulation station at the junction of the trancontinental triangulation arc of 1899 on the 39th parallel north and the triangulation arc along the 98th meridian west that was near the geographic center of the contiguous United States .	1	was	it	a triangulation station at the junction of the trancontinental triangulation arc of 1899 on the 39th parallel north and the
It was chosen in 1901 because it was a triangulation station at the junction of the trancontinental triangulation arc of 1899 on the 39th parallel north and the triangulation arc along the 98th meridian west that was near the geographic center of the contiguous United States .	1	was	the 98th meridian west	near the geographic center of the contiguous United States
It was named for Gen. Eleazer Wheelock Ripley , an officer in the War of 1812 , who was mainly remembered for the Battle of Lundy 's Lane and the Siege of Fort Erie , in 1814 .	1	was named	It	for Gen. Eleazer Wheelock Ripley
It was named for Gen. Eleazer Wheelock Ripley , an officer in the War of 1812 , who was mainly remembered for the Battle of Lundy 's Lane and the Siege of Fort Erie , in 1814 .	1	was mainly remembered	Gen. Eleazer Wheelock Ripley	for the Battle of Lundy 's Lane and the Siege of Fort Erie , in 1814
It was originally aimed at mature entrants to the teaching profession , who could not afford to give up work and undertake a traditional method of teacher training such as the PGCE .	1	was	It	originally aimed at mature entrants to the teaching profession
It was originally aimed at mature entrants to the teaching profession , who could not afford to give up work and undertake a traditional method of teacher training such as the PGCE .	1	could not afford	the teaching profession	to give up work and undertake a traditional method of teacher training such as the PGCE
Its cultivation even declined in favour of the Asian species , which was introduced to East Africa early in the common era and spread westward .	1	declined	Its cultivation	in favour of the Asian species
Its cultivation even declined in favour of the Asian species , which was introduced to East Africa early in the common era and spread westward .	1	was introduced	the Asian species	to East Africa early in the common era
JAL introduced jet service on the Fukuoka - Tokyo route in 1961 .	1	introduced	JAL	jet service on the Fukuoka - Tokyo route in 1961
James Arthur Hogue is a US impostor who most famously entered Princeton University by posing as a self - taught orphan .	1	is	James Arthur Hogue	a US impostor who most famously entered Princeton University by posing as a self - taught orphan
James Arthur Hogue is a US impostor who most famously entered Princeton University by posing as a self - taught orphan .	1	famously entered Princeton University by posing	a US impostor	Princeton University by posing as a self - taught orphan
James Arthur Hogue is a US impostor who most famously entered Princeton University by posing as a self - taught orphan .	1	taught	a US impostor	as a self - taught orphan
James Arthur Hogue is a US impostor who most famously entered Princeton University by posing as a self - taught orphan .	1	by posing	a US impostor	as a self - taught orphan
John Stewart and Guy Gardner brought down New Warworld and the Yellow Central Power Battery , which were detonated next to the Anti-Monitor , and contained by a shield created by hundreds of Green Lanterns to contain the explosion ; even this was not enough to kill him .	1	brought down	John Stewart and Guy Gardner	New Warworld and the Yellow Central Power Battery
John Stewart and Guy Gardner brought down New Warworld and the Yellow Central Power Battery , which were detonated next to the Anti-Monitor , and contained by a shield created by hundreds of Green Lanterns to contain the explosion ; even this was not enough to kill him .	1	were detonated	the Yellow Central Power Battery	next to the Anti-Monitor
John Stewart and Guy Gardner brought down New Warworld and the Yellow Central Power Battery , which were detonated next to the Anti-Monitor , and contained by a shield created by hundreds of Green Lanterns to contain the explosion ; even this was not enough to kill him .	1	was not	even this	enough to kill him
John Stewart and Guy Gardner brought down New Warworld and the Yellow Central Power Battery , which were detonated next to the Anti-Monitor , and contained by a shield created by hundreds of Green Lanterns to contain the explosion ; even this was not enough to kill him .	1	contained	the Yellow Central Power Battery	by a shield
Johns also appeared as an Imperial Officer in the 1980 '' Star Wars sequel '' , '' The Empire Strikes Back '' .	1	appeared	Johns	as an Imperial Officer in the 1980
Johns also appeared as an Imperial Officer in the 1980 '' Star Wars sequel '' , '' The Empire Strikes Back '' .	1	Strikes	The Empire	Back
Keats 's long and expensive medical training with Hammond and at Guy 's Hospital led his family to assume he would pursue a lifelong career in medicine , assuring financial security , and it seems that at this point Keats had a genuine desire to become a doctor .	1	led	Keats 's long and expensive medical training with Hammond and at Guy 's Hospital	his family to assume he would pursue a lifelong career in medicine
Keats 's long and expensive medical training with Hammond and at Guy 's Hospital led his family to assume he would pursue a lifelong career in medicine , assuring financial security , and it seems that at this point Keats had a genuine desire to become a doctor .	1	had	 	a genuine desire to become a doctor
Keats 's long and expensive medical training with Hammond and at Guy 's Hospital led his family to assume he would pursue a lifelong career in medicine , assuring financial security , and it seems that at this point Keats had a genuine desire to become a doctor .	1	seems	it	that at this point Keats had a genuine desire to become a doctor
Keats 's long and expensive medical training with Hammond and at Guy 's Hospital led his family to assume he would pursue a lifelong career in medicine , assuring financial security , and it seems that at this point Keats had a genuine desire to become a doctor .	1	assuring	Keats	financial security
Keibler then asked for time off to appear on '' Dancing with the Stars '' .	1	asked	Keibler	for time off to appear on '' Dancing with the Stars
Keibler then asked for time off to appear on '' Dancing with the Stars '' .	1	Dancing	 	on '' Dancing with the Stars
Keibler then asked for time off to appear on '' Dancing with the Stars '' .	1	to appear	Keibler	on '' Dancing with the Stars
Kim graduated from Ballard High School in Louisville , Kentucky , in 1989 and from Oberlin College in Ohio in 1993 where he double - majored in Government and English and played for the varsity lacrosse team .	1	graduated	Kim	from Ballard High School in Louisville
Kim graduated from Ballard High School in Louisville , Kentucky , in 1989 and from Oberlin College in Ohio in 1993 where he double - majored in Government and English and played for the varsity lacrosse team .	1	played	he	for the varsity lacrosse team
Kim graduated from Ballard High School in Louisville , Kentucky , in 1989 and from Oberlin College in Ohio in 1993 where he double - majored in Government and English and played for the varsity lacrosse team .	1	-	he	in Government and English
Kostabi 's other releases include : '' Songs For Sumera '' , '' New Alliance '' and '' The Spectre Of Modernism '' .	1	include	Kostabi 's other releases	Songs For Sumera '' , '' New Alliance '' and '' The Spectre Of Modernism
Langford kept Walcott at a distance with his longer reach and used his footwork to evade all of Walcott 's attacks .	1	kept	Langford	Walcott at a distance with his longer reach
Langford kept Walcott at a distance with his longer reach and used his footwork to evade all of Walcott 's attacks .	1	used	Langford	his footwork to evade all of Walcott 's attacks
Language B then begins to supplant language A : the speakers of Language A abandon their own language in favor of the other language , generally because they believe that it will help them achieve certain goals within government , the workplace , and in social settings .	1	begins to	Language B	supplant
Language B then begins to supplant language A : the speakers of Language A abandon their own language in favor of the other language , generally because they believe that it will help them achieve certain goals within government , the workplace , and in social settings .	1	believe	they	that it will help them achieve certain goals within government , the workplace , and in social settings
Language B then begins to supplant language A : the speakers of Language A abandon their own language in favor of the other language , generally because they believe that it will help them achieve certain goals within government , the workplace , and in social settings .	1	will help	it	them achieve certain goals within government , the workplace , and in social settings
Lemmy believes that if Will Reid Dick had not been there , they could have worked through the problems , but ended up exchanging a few words and Clarke left the studio .	1	had not been	Will Reid Dick	there
Lemmy believes that if Will Reid Dick had not been there , they could have worked through the problems , but ended up exchanging a few words and Clarke left the studio .	1	ended up	they	exchanging a few words
Lemmy believes that if Will Reid Dick had not been there , they could have worked through the problems , but ended up exchanging a few words and Clarke left the studio .	1	left	Clarke	the studio
Lemmy believes that if Will Reid Dick had not been there , they could have worked through the problems , but ended up exchanging a few words and Clarke left the studio .	1	believes	Lemmy	that if Will Reid Dick had not been there , they could have worked through the problems , but ended up exchanging a few words and
Lens subluxation is also seen in dogs and is characterized by a partial displacement of the lens .	1	is also seen	Lens subluxation	in dogs
Lens subluxation is also seen in dogs and is characterized by a partial displacement of the lens .	1	is characterized	Lens subluxation	by a partial displacement of the lens
Li Hongzhi began his public teachings of Falun Gong on 13 May 1992 in Changchun , and subsequently gave lectures and taught Falun Gong exercises across China .	1	began	Li Hongzhi	his public teachings of Falun Gong on 13 May 1992 in Changchun
Li Hongzhi began his public teachings of Falun Gong on 13 May 1992 in Changchun , and subsequently gave lectures and taught Falun Gong exercises across China .	1	gave	Li Hongzhi	lectures and taught Falun Gong exercises
Li Hongzhi began his public teachings of Falun Gong on 13 May 1992 in Changchun , and subsequently gave lectures and taught Falun Gong exercises across China .	1	taught	Li Hongzhi	Falun Gong exercises across China
Li Hongzhi began his public teachings of Falun Gong on 13 May 1992 in Changchun , and subsequently gave lectures and taught Falun Gong exercises across China .	1	taught	Li Hongzhi	Falun Gong exercises across China
Like other BBC content of the mid-1990s , it often lampooned the low - budget quality of satellite television available in the UK at the time .	1	lampooned	it	the low - budget quality of satellite television available in the UK at the time
Luke Robert Ravenstahl is an American politician who served as the 59th Mayor of Pittsburgh from 2006 until 2014 .	1	served	an American politician	as the 59th Mayor of Pittsburgh from 2006 until 2014
Luke Robert Ravenstahl is an American politician who served as the 59th Mayor of Pittsburgh from 2006 until 2014 .	1	is	Luke Robert Ravenstahl	an American politician who served as the 59th Mayor of Pittsburgh from 2006 until 2014
Males had a median income of $ 28,750 versus $ 16,250 for females .	1	had	Males	a median income of $ 28,750 versus $ 16,250 for females
Males had a median income of $ 36,016 versus $ 32,679 for females .	1	had	Males	a median income of $ 36,016 versus $ 32,679 for females
Many are surgically removed for aesthetics and relief of psychosocial burden , but larger ones are also excised for prevention of cancer , although the benefit is impossible to assess for any individual patient .	1	is	the benefit	impossible to assess for any individual patient
Many are surgically removed for aesthetics and relief of psychosocial burden , but larger ones are also excised for prevention of cancer , although the benefit is impossible to assess for any individual patient .	1	are surgically removed	Many	for aesthetics and relief of psychosocial burden
Many are surgically removed for aesthetics and relief of psychosocial burden , but larger ones are also excised for prevention of cancer , although the benefit is impossible to assess for any individual patient .	1	are also excised	larger ones	for prevention of cancer
Many overseas Chinese whose ancestors came from the Quanzhou area , especially those in Southeast Asia , often speak mainly Hokkien at home .	1	came	Many overseas Chinese	from the Quanzhou area
Many overseas Chinese whose ancestors came from the Quanzhou area , especially those in Southeast Asia , often speak mainly Hokkien at home .	1	speak	Many overseas Chinese	mainly Hokkien at home
Meanwhile , the Mason City Division continued to operate as usual .	1	continued	the Mason City Division	 
Models , taking into account the size and room number of the barrack blocks in the Gorgan Wall forts and likely occupation density , produce figures between 15,000 and 36,000 soldiers .	1	forts	 	Gorgan Wall forts and likely occupation density
Models , taking into account the size and room number of the barrack blocks in the Gorgan Wall forts and likely occupation density , produce figures between 15,000 and 36,000 soldiers .	1	produce	Models	figures between 15,000 and 36,000 soldiers
Models , taking into account the size and room number of the barrack blocks in the Gorgan Wall forts and likely occupation density , produce figures between 15,000 and 36,000 soldiers .	1	taking	Models	into account the size and room number of the barrack blocks in the Gorgan Wall forts and likely occupation density
Modern educational methods were more widely spread throughout the Empire , and the country embarked on a development scheme and plans for modernization , tempered by Ethiopian traditions , and within the framework of the ancient monarchical structure of the state .	1	were more widely spread	Modern educational methods	throughout the Empire
Modern educational methods were more widely spread throughout the Empire , and the country embarked on a development scheme and plans for modernization , tempered by Ethiopian traditions , and within the framework of the ancient monarchical structure of the state .	1	embarked	the country	on a development scheme and plans for modernization
Modern educational methods were more widely spread throughout the Empire , and the country embarked on a development scheme and plans for modernization , tempered by Ethiopian traditions , and within the framework of the ancient monarchical structure of the state .	1	tempered	a development scheme and plans for modernization	by Ethiopian traditions
Modernity has been blended without sacrificing on the traditional Buddhist ethos .	1	has been blended	 	 
Modernity has been blended without sacrificing on the traditional Buddhist ethos .	1	sacrificing	Modernity	on the traditional Buddhist ethos
Modification of the river began in earnest with the arrival of the Florida East Coast Railway in Miami in 1896 .	1	began	Modification of the river	in earnest with the arrival of the Florida East Coast Railway in Miami in 1896
Moore briefly dropped Marciano in the second round , but Marciano recovered and knocked Moore down five times , knocking him out in the ninth to retain the belt .	1	dropped	Moore	Marciano in the second round
Moore briefly dropped Marciano in the second round , but Marciano recovered and knocked Moore down five times , knocking him out in the ninth to retain the belt .	1	recovered	 	Marciano
Moore briefly dropped Marciano in the second round , but Marciano recovered and knocked Moore down five times , knocking him out in the ninth to retain the belt .	1	knocked	Marciano	Moore down five times
Moore briefly dropped Marciano in the second round , but Marciano recovered and knocked Moore down five times , knocking him out in the ninth to retain the belt .	1	knocking	Moore	him out in the ninth to retain the belt
Much of the station remains in the disused subway but there is no public access .	1	remains	Much of the station	in the disused subway
Much of the station remains in the disused subway but there is no public access .	1	there is	no public access	 
Muhammad ibn Abu Bakr was a pious Muslim who supported the Imam of his time , Ali ibn Abi Talib , even though his sister Aisha opposed ' Ali in the battle of Jamal , Ibn Abu Bakr was faithful to his stepfather .	1	was	ibn Abu Bakr	a pious Muslim
Muhammad ibn Abu Bakr was a pious Muslim who supported the Imam of his time , Ali ibn Abi Talib , even though his sister Aisha opposed ' Ali in the battle of Jamal , Ibn Abu Bakr was faithful to his stepfather .	1	supported	a pious Muslim	the Imam of his time
Muhammad ibn Abu Bakr was a pious Muslim who supported the Imam of his time , Ali ibn Abi Talib , even though his sister Aisha opposed ' Ali in the battle of Jamal , Ibn Abu Bakr was faithful to his stepfather .	1	opposed	his sister	in the battle of Jamal
Muhammad ibn Abu Bakr was a pious Muslim who supported the Imam of his time , Ali ibn Abi Talib , even though his sister Aisha opposed ' Ali in the battle of Jamal , Ibn Abu Bakr was faithful to his stepfather .	1	was	 	faithful to his stepfather
Names like John Berks , Gary Edwards , Frank Sanders , Robin Alexander , Darryl Jooste , George Wayne and David Gresham all started out at LM Radio before moving to other stations such as Swazi Music Radio , Radio 702 , Springbok Radio and other SABC stations , 2JJ and Capital 604 .	1	started out	Names like John Berks , Gary Edwards , Frank Sanders , Robin Alexander , Darryl Jooste , George Wayne and David Gresham	at LM Radio before moving to other stations such as Swazi Music Radio , Radio 702 , Springbok Radio and other SABC stations
Names like John Berks , Gary Edwards , Frank Sanders , Robin Alexander , Darryl Jooste , George Wayne and David Gresham all started out at LM Radio before moving to other stations such as Swazi Music Radio , Radio 702 , Springbok Radio and other SABC stations , 2JJ and Capital 604 .	1	before moving	Names like John Berks , Gary Edwards , Frank Sanders , Robin Alexander , Darryl Jooste , George Wayne and David Gresham	to other stations such as Swazi Music Radio , Radio 702 , Springbok Radio and other SABC stations
Newhan split the season between Triple - A Round Rock , where he hit .308 .	1	split	Newhan	the season between Triple - A Round Rock
Newhan split the season between Triple - A Round Rock , where he hit .308 .	1	hit	he	.308
Next morning , the race left the city on the way to the Pyrenees and stopped in the suburb of Gradignan , in the university area of La House .	1	left	the race	the city on the way to the Pyrenees
Next morning , the race left the city on the way to the Pyrenees and stopped in the suburb of Gradignan , in the university area of La House .	1	stopped	the race	in the suburb of Gradignan
No announcement from UTV was made about the decision to close the station earlier than planned .	1	was made	No announcement from UTV	about the decision
No announcement from UTV was made about the decision to close the station earlier than planned .	1	planned	 	 
No announcement from UTV was made about the decision to close the station earlier than planned .	1	to close	the decision	the station earlier than planned
Noatak has a gravel public airstrip and is primarily reached by air .	1	has	Noatak	a gravel public airstrip
Noatak has a gravel public airstrip and is primarily reached by air .	1	is primarily reached	Noatak	by air
Not everyone completely trusted Vakama 's vision - Matau was particularly frustrated at following what he considered the delusions of a '' fire - spitter '' - but with nothing else to go on they decided to track the Matoran down .	1	trusted	Not everyone	Vakama 's vision
Not everyone completely trusted Vakama 's vision - Matau was particularly frustrated at following what he considered the delusions of a '' fire - spitter '' - but with nothing else to go on they decided to track the Matoran down .	1	was	Matau	particularly frustrated at following what he considered the delusions of a '' fire - spitter '' - but with nothing else to go on
Not everyone completely trusted Vakama 's vision - Matau was particularly frustrated at following what he considered the delusions of a '' fire - spitter '' - but with nothing else to go on they decided to track the Matoran down .	1	considered	he	the delusions of a '' fire - spitter '' -
Not everyone completely trusted Vakama 's vision - Matau was particularly frustrated at following what he considered the delusions of a '' fire - spitter '' - but with nothing else to go on they decided to track the Matoran down .	1	to go on	nothing	to track the Matoran down
Nothing is known for certain about his life before about 1580 , but contemporary or near - contemporary accounts suggest that he was brought up as a member of the Church of Scotland , spent some time in Argyll before leaving for the Continent , and was converted to Catholicism in Spain .	1	was brought up	he	as a member of the Church of Scotland
Nothing is known for certain about his life before about 1580 , but contemporary or near - contemporary accounts suggest that he was brought up as a member of the Church of Scotland , spent some time in Argyll before leaving for the Continent , and was converted to Catholicism in Spain .	1	spent	he	some time in Argyll before leaving for the Continent
Nothing is known for certain about his life before about 1580 , but contemporary or near - contemporary accounts suggest that he was brought up as a member of the Church of Scotland , spent some time in Argyll before leaving for the Continent , and was converted to Catholicism in Spain .	1	was converted	he	to Catholicism in Spain
Nothing is known for certain about his life before about 1580 , but contemporary or near - contemporary accounts suggest that he was brought up as a member of the Church of Scotland , spent some time in Argyll before leaving for the Continent , and was converted to Catholicism in Spain .	1	is known	Nothing	for certain about his life before about 1580
Obviously the epilogue was not an afterthought supplied too late for the English edition , for it is referred to in '' The Castaway '' : '' in the sequel of the narrative , it will then be seen what like abandonment befell myself . ''	1	was not	the epilogue	an afterthought supplied too late for the English edition
Obviously the epilogue was not an afterthought supplied too late for the English edition , for it is referred to in '' The Castaway '' : '' in the sequel of the narrative , it will then be seen what like abandonment befell myself . ''	1	supplied	an afterthought	too late for the English edition
Obviously the epilogue was not an afterthought supplied too late for the English edition , for it is referred to in '' The Castaway '' : '' in the sequel of the narrative , it will then be seen what like abandonment befell myself . ''	1	befell	like	myself
Obviously the epilogue was not an afterthought supplied too late for the English edition , for it is referred to in '' The Castaway '' : '' in the sequel of the narrative , it will then be seen what like abandonment befell myself . ''	1	is referred	it	to in '' The Castaway
Of the rest of the population , there was 1 individual who belonged to the Christian Catholic faith .	1	there	 	1 individual who belonged to the Christian Catholic faith
Of the rest of the population , there was 1 individual who belonged to the Christian Catholic faith .	1	belonged	1 individual	to the Christian Catholic faith
On 16 June 1944 , British double agent '' Garbo '' was requested by his German controllers to give information on the sites and times of V - 1 impacts , with similar requests made to the other German agents in Britain , '' Brutus '' and '' Tate '' .	1	was requested	British double agent	by his German controllers to give information on the sites and times of V - 1 impacts
On 16 June 1944 , British double agent '' Garbo '' was requested by his German controllers to give information on the sites and times of V - 1 impacts , with similar requests made to the other German agents in Britain , '' Brutus '' and '' Tate '' .	1	made	similar requests	to the other German agents in Britain
On 16 June 1944 , British double agent '' Garbo '' was requested by his German controllers to give information on the sites and times of V - 1 impacts , with similar requests made to the other German agents in Britain , '' Brutus '' and '' Tate '' .	1	to give	British double agent	information on the sites and times of V - 1 impacts
On May 13 , 2010 , Yost was named manager of the Kansas City Royals , replacing Trey Hillman .	1	was named	Yost	manager of the Kansas City Royals
On May 13 , 2010 , Yost was named manager of the Kansas City Royals , replacing Trey Hillman .	1	replacing	Yost	Trey Hillman
On May 15 , 2007 , XM suspended Opie & Anthony for 30 days , in response to a broadcast featuring a homeless man who wandered into the studio .	1	suspended	XM	Opie & Anthony for 30 days
On May 15 , 2007 , XM suspended Opie & Anthony for 30 days , in response to a broadcast featuring a homeless man who wandered into the studio .	1	wandered	a homeless man	into the studio
On May 15 , 2007 , XM suspended Opie & Anthony for 30 days , in response to a broadcast featuring a homeless man who wandered into the studio .	1	featuring	a broadcast	a homeless man who wandered into the studio
On November 2 , 2005 , Brown ended his contract early and left the federal government .	1	ended	Brown	his contract early
On November 2 , 2005 , Brown ended his contract early and left the federal government .	1	left	Brown	the federal government
One candidate is a wreck at the western end of Manitoulin Island in Lake Huron , with another wreck near Escanaba , Michigan , also proposed .	1	is	One candidate	a wreck at the western end of Manitoulin Island in Lake Huron
One candidate is a wreck at the western end of Manitoulin Island in Lake Huron , with another wreck near Escanaba , Michigan , also proposed .	1	proposed	another wreck near Escanaba	 
One example could be '' Time '' , the fifth song from Pink Floyd 's 1973 album '' The Dark Side Of The Moon '' , which contains a reprise of '' Breathe '' , the first song of the same album .	1	contains	the	a reprise of '' Breathe
One example could be '' Time '' , the fifth song from Pink Floyd 's 1973 album '' The Dark Side Of The Moon '' , which contains a reprise of '' Breathe '' , the first song of the same album .	1	could be	One example	 
Only Ballard and Williams are left after Sergeant Jericho and the other officers , along with the two train operators , are killed when they try to finish the fight .	1	are left	Only Ballard and Williams	after Sergeant Jericho and the other officers , along with the two train operators , are killed when they try to finish the fight
Only Ballard and Williams are left after Sergeant Jericho and the other officers , along with the two train operators , are killed when they try to finish the fight .	1	are killed	Sergeant Jericho and the other officers , along with the two train operators	when they try to finish the fight
Only Ballard and Williams are left after Sergeant Jericho and the other officers , along with the two train operators , are killed when they try to finish the fight .	1	try	they	to finish the fight
Opponents of religious freedom sometimes referred to it as '' Rogue 's Island '' , and Cotton Mather called it '' the sewer of New England . ''	1	referred	Opponents of religious freedom	to it as '' Rogue 's Island
Opponents of religious freedom sometimes referred to it as '' Rogue 's Island '' , and Cotton Mather called it '' the sewer of New England . ''	1	called	Cotton Mather	it
Originally , Hank McCoy retains the basic features of a normal human alongside a generally simian physiology equivalent to that of a Great Ape .	1	retains	Hank McCoy	the basic features of a normal human alongside a generally simian physiology
Other signs of lens subluxation include mild conjunctival redness , vitreous humour degeneration , prolapse of the vitreous into the anterior chamber , and an increase or decrease of anterior chamber depth .	1	include	Other signs of lens subluxation	mild conjunctival redness , vitreous humour degeneration , prolapse of the vitreous into the anterior chamber , and an increase or decrease of anterior chamber depth
Pakistan Chrome Mines Ltd. is a mining company incorporated in the Islamic Republic of Pakistan .	1	is	Pakistan Chrome Mines Ltd.	a mining company incorporated in the Islamic Republic of Pakistan
Pakistan Chrome Mines Ltd. is a mining company incorporated in the Islamic Republic of Pakistan .	1	incorporated	a mining company	in the Islamic Republic of Pakistan
Parental investment is any expenditure of resources to benefit one offspring .	1	is	Parental investment	any expenditure of resources to benefit one offspring
Parental investment is any expenditure of resources to benefit one offspring .	1	to benefit	any expenditure of resources	one offspring
Piffaro generally performs a concert series of four to five concerts a year in Philadelphia , in addition to touring throughout the United States , Canada , Europe and elsewhere .	1	generally performs	Piffaro	a concert series of four to five concerts a year in Philadelphia
Piffaro generally performs a concert series of four to five concerts a year in Philadelphia , in addition to touring throughout the United States , Canada , Europe and elsewhere .	1	to touring	Piffaro	throughout the United States , Canada , Europe and elsewhere
Plants have been planted marking parts of the foundations of the castle , so the positions of some of the buildings can still be inferred .	1	have been planted	 	 
Plants have been planted marking parts of the foundations of the castle , so the positions of some of the buildings can still be inferred .	1	be inferred	the positions of some of the buildings	 
Plants have been planted marking parts of the foundations of the castle , so the positions of some of the buildings can still be inferred .	1	can still be inferred	the positions of some of the buildings	 
Prior to the 2012 season , the Royals signed Yost to a contract extension through the 2013 season .	1	signed	the Royals	Yost to a contract extension
Prior to the Playmaker tool , the Player could only call one of four available '' hot routes . ''	1	could only call	the Player	one of four available '' hot routes
Proliferative nodules are usually biopsied and are regularly but not systematically found to be benign .	1	are	Proliferative nodules	 
Proliferative nodules are usually biopsied and are regularly but not systematically found to be benign .	1	are	 	 
Proliferative nodules are usually biopsied and are regularly but not systematically found to be benign .	1	to be	Proliferative nodules	benign
RedHat engineers identified problems with ProPolice though , and in 2005 re-implemented stack - smashing protection for inclusion in GCC 4.1 .	1	identified	RedHat engineers	problems with ProPolice
RedHat engineers identified problems with ProPolice though , and in 2005 re-implemented stack - smashing protection for inclusion in GCC 4.1 .	1	smashing	re-implemented stack -	protection for inclusion in GCC 4.1
Reptiles identified during surveys include marbled geckos on both island groups while the following are limited to the main island in the Northern group - four - toed earless skink , bull skinks and western brown snakes .	1	include	Reptiles identified during surveys	marbled geckos on both island groups while the following are limited to the main island in the Northern group
Reptiles identified during surveys include marbled geckos on both island groups while the following are limited to the main island in the Northern group - four - toed earless skink , bull skinks and western brown snakes .	1	are limited	the following	to the main island in the Northern group - four - toed
Reptiles identified during surveys include marbled geckos on both island groups while the following are limited to the main island in the Northern group - four - toed earless skink , bull skinks and western brown snakes .	1	skink	 	skinks and western brown snakes
Results like these indicate acoustic mimicry complexes , both Batesian and Mullerian , may be widespread in the auditory world .	1	indicate	Results like these	acoustic mimicry complexes , both Batesian and Mullerian , may be widespread in the auditory world
Results like these indicate acoustic mimicry complexes , both Batesian and Mullerian , may be widespread in the auditory world .	1	may be	acoustic mimicry complexes	widespread in the auditory world
Returning home , Ballard delivers her report , which her superiors refuse to believe .	1	delivers	Ballard	her report , which her superiors refuse to believe
Returning home , Ballard delivers her report , which her superiors refuse to believe .	1	refuse	her report	to believe
Returning home , Ballard delivers her report , which her superiors refuse to believe .	1	Returning	 	home
Robert Charles '' Jack '' Russell , MBE , is a retired English international cricketer , now known for his abilities as an artist , as a cricket wicketkeeping coach , and a football goalkeeping coach .	1	is	Robert Charles '' Jack '' Russell	a retired English international cricketer
Robert Charles '' Jack '' Russell , MBE , is a retired English international cricketer , now known for his abilities as an artist , as a cricket wicketkeeping coach , and a football goalkeeping coach .	1	known	a retired English international cricketer	for his abilities as an
Robert Charles '' Jack '' Russell , MBE , is a retired English international cricketer , now known for his abilities as an artist , as a cricket wicketkeeping coach , and a football goalkeeping coach .	1	cricket	 	 
Rosen argues that one of the most important provisions of the Constitution in Exile is limitations on the interstate commerce clause , which were undermined by the Supreme Court 's '' expansive interpretation of Congress 's power to regulate interstate commerce ... extended to include any activities that might affect commerce indirectly '' during the New Deal .	1	were undermined	the interstate commerce clause	by the Supreme Court 's '' expansive interpretation of Congress 's power to regulate
Rosen argues that one of the most important provisions of the Constitution in Exile is limitations on the interstate commerce clause , which were undermined by the Supreme Court 's '' expansive interpretation of Congress 's power to regulate interstate commerce ... extended to include any activities that might affect commerce indirectly '' during the New Deal .	1	extended	Congress 's power	to include any activities
Rosen argues that one of the most important provisions of the Constitution in Exile is limitations on the interstate commerce clause , which were undermined by the Supreme Court 's '' expansive interpretation of Congress 's power to regulate interstate commerce ... extended to include any activities that might affect commerce indirectly '' during the New Deal .	1	argues	Rosen	that one of the most important provisions of the Constitution in Exile is limitations on the interstate commerce clause
Rosen argues that one of the most important provisions of the Constitution in Exile is limitations on the interstate commerce clause , which were undermined by the Supreme Court 's '' expansive interpretation of Congress 's power to regulate interstate commerce ... extended to include any activities that might affect commerce indirectly '' during the New Deal .	1	is	one of the most important provisions of the Constitution in Exile	limitations on the interstate commerce clause
San Francisco 's diversity of cultures along with its eccentricities are so great that they have greatly influenced the country and the world at large over the years .	1	are	San Francisco 's diversity of cultures along with its eccentricities	so great that they have greatly influenced the country and the world at large over the years
San Francisco 's diversity of cultures along with its eccentricities are so great that they have greatly influenced the country and the world at large over the years .	1	have greatly influenced	they	the country and the world at large over the years
Scarpetta returns to Virginia in '' Trace '' , convincing herself that she was fired from her position , at the request of her replacement , Dr. Joel Marcus .	1	that	 	herself that she was fired from her position , at the request of her replacement
Scarpetta returns to Virginia in '' Trace '' , convincing herself that she was fired from her position , at the request of her replacement , Dr. Joel Marcus .	1	returns	Scarpetta	to Virginia in
Scarpetta returns to Virginia in '' Trace '' , convincing herself that she was fired from her position , at the request of her replacement , Dr. Joel Marcus .	1	convincing	Scarpetta	herself that she was fired from her position , at the request of her replacement
Several isomers of octene are known , depending on the position and the geometry of the double bond in the carbon chain .	1	are known	Several isomers of octene	 
She died in October 1915 of a heart attack .	1	died	 	 
She provided an audio commentary for the episode on the DVD release of the show 's third series alongside David Tennant .	1	provided	She	an audio commentary for the episode on the DVD release of the show 's third series alongside David Tennant
She published more than 15 research publications , including International Journals , International Conferences , National Conferences , workshops and seminars .	1	published	She	more than 15 research publications , including International Journals , International Conferences , National Conferences , workshops and seminars
She published more than 15 research publications , including International Journals , International Conferences , National Conferences , workshops and seminars .	1	including	more than 15 research publications	International Journals , International Conferences , National Conferences , workshops and seminars
She returned to that Thames River base 9 February 1931 and for the remainder of the decade served as a training ship primarily for the Submarine School at New London and occasionally for NROTC units in the southern New England area .	1	returned	She	to that Thames River base 9 February 1931
She returned to that Thames River base 9 February 1931 and for the remainder of the decade served as a training ship primarily for the Submarine School at New London and occasionally for NROTC units in the southern New England area .	1	served	She returned to that Thames River base 9 February 1931 and for the remainder of the decade	as a training ship primarily for the Submarine School at New London and occasionally for NROTC units
She was ordered to be rebuilt on 9 March 1724 , and was taken in hand at Deptford Dockyard by Master Shipwright Richard Stacey .	1	was ordered	She	to be rebuilt on 9 March 1724
She was ordered to be rebuilt on 9 March 1724 , and was taken in hand at Deptford Dockyard by Master Shipwright Richard Stacey .	1	was taken	She	in hand at Deptford Dockyard by Master Shipwright Richard Stacey
Shea was born on September 5 , 1900 in San Francisco , California .	1	was born	Shea	on September 5
Since joining the competition in 1908 , Richmond has won ten premierships , the most recent victory being in 1980 .	1	has won	Richmond	ten premierships
Since joining the competition in 1908 , Richmond has won ten premierships , the most recent victory being in 1980 .	1	joining	Since	the competition in 1908
Since joining the competition in 1908 , Richmond has won ten premierships , the most recent victory being in 1980 .	1	being	the most recent victory	in 1980
Sometimes extra payments were specified by which a freed slave could liberate himself from these residual duties .	1	were specified	extra payments	by which a freed slave could liberate himself from these residual duties
Sometimes extra payments were specified by which a freed slave could liberate himself from these residual duties .	1	could liberate	a freed slave	himself from these residual duties
Sometimes extra payments were specified by which a freed slave could liberate himself from these residual duties .	1	could liberate	a freed slave	himself from these residual duties
Specifically , knowledge and interest in the event affects the level of personal importance for the individual , which also affects the individual 's level of emotional arousal .	1	affects	knowledge and interest in the event	the level of personal importance for the individual
Specifically , knowledge and interest in the event affects the level of personal importance for the individual , which also affects the individual 's level of emotional arousal .	1	affects	the individual	the individual 's level of emotional arousal
Spennymoor Town F.C. are the main local football team and won the FA Carlsberg Vase , after winning 2 - 1 in the final at Wembley Stadium against Tunbridge Wells in May 2013 .	1	won	Spennymoor Town F.C.	the FA Carlsberg Vase
Spennymoor Town F.C. are the main local football team and won the FA Carlsberg Vase , after winning 2 - 1 in the final at Wembley Stadium against Tunbridge Wells in May 2013 .	1	are	Spennymoor Town F.C.	the main local football team
Spennymoor Town F.C. are the main local football team and won the FA Carlsberg Vase , after winning 2 - 1 in the final at Wembley Stadium against Tunbridge Wells in May 2013 .	1	after winning	Spennymoor Town F.C.	2 - 1 in the final at Wembley Stadium against Tunbridge Wells in May 2013
Sukhum functioned as the capital of the '' Union treaty '' Abkhaz Soviet Socialist Republic associated with the Georgian SSR from 1921 until 1931 , when it became the capital of the Abkhazian Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic within the Georgian SSR .	1	functioned	Sukhum	as the capital of the '' Union treaty '' Abkhaz Soviet Socialist Republic
Sukhum functioned as the capital of the '' Union treaty '' Abkhaz Soviet Socialist Republic associated with the Georgian SSR from 1921 until 1931 , when it became the capital of the Abkhazian Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic within the Georgian SSR .	1	became	it	the capital of the Abkhazian Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic within the Georgian SSR
Sukhum functioned as the capital of the '' Union treaty '' Abkhaz Soviet Socialist Republic associated with the Georgian SSR from 1921 until 1931 , when it became the capital of the Abkhazian Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic within the Georgian SSR .	1	associated	Abkhaz Soviet Socialist Republic	with the Georgian SSR
Superboy - Prime , seeing an opportunity to defeat the now - weakened Anti-Monitor , flew through the Anti-Monitor 's chest and hurled his shattered body into space .	1	flew	Superboy - Prime	through the Anti-Monitor 's chest
Superboy - Prime , seeing an opportunity to defeat the now - weakened Anti-Monitor , flew through the Anti-Monitor 's chest and hurled his shattered body into space .	1	hurled	Superboy - Prime	his shattered body into space
Superboy - Prime , seeing an opportunity to defeat the now - weakened Anti-Monitor , flew through the Anti-Monitor 's chest and hurled his shattered body into space .	1	seeing	Superboy - Prime	an opportunity to defeat the now - weakened Anti-Monitor
Swinburne moves in his writing program from the philosophical to the theological , building his case rigorously .	1	moves	Swinburne	in his writing program from the philosophical to the theological
Swinburne moves in his writing program from the philosophical to the theological , building his case rigorously .	1	building	Swinburne	his case rigorously
Team Racing is a NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series team .	1	is	Team Racing	a NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series team
That same year saw an outbreak of plague in Venice , one that lasted two years and caused Franco to leave the city and to lose many of her possessions .	1	saw	That same year	an outbreak of plague in Venice
That same year saw an outbreak of plague in Venice , one that lasted two years and caused Franco to leave the city and to lose many of her possessions .	1	lasted	one	two years
That same year saw an outbreak of plague in Venice , one that lasted two years and caused Franco to leave the city and to lose many of her possessions .	1	caused	 	Franco to leave the city and to lose many
That same year saw an outbreak of plague in Venice , one that lasted two years and caused Franco to leave the city and to lose many of her possessions .	1	to lose	Franco	many of her possessions
The 2nd Battalion of the 13th Light Infantry was raised at Winchester in January 1858 .	1	was raised	The 2nd Battalion of the 13th Light Infantry	at Winchester in January 1858
The Acrolepiidae family of moths are also known as False Diamondback moths .	1	are also known	The Acrolepiidae family of moths	as False Diamondback moths
The Alarm are an alternative rock / new wave band that formed in Rhyl , North Wales , in 1981 .	1	formed	an alternative rock / new wave band	in Rhyl , North Wales , in 1981
The Alarm are an alternative rock / new wave band that formed in Rhyl , North Wales , in 1981 .	1	are	The Alarm	an alternative rock / new wave band that formed in Rhyl , North Wales , in 1981
The Bourbons built additional reception rooms and reconstructed the Sala d'Ercole , named for its frescos depicted the mythological hero , Hercules .	1	built	The Bourbons	additional reception rooms
The Bourbons built additional reception rooms and reconstructed the Sala d'Ercole , named for its frescos depicted the mythological hero , Hercules .	1	reconstructed	The Bourbons	the Sala d'Ercole
The Bourbons built additional reception rooms and reconstructed the Sala d'Ercole , named for its frescos depicted the mythological hero , Hercules .	1	depicted	its frescos	the mythological hero
The Bourbons built additional reception rooms and reconstructed the Sala d'Ercole , named for its frescos depicted the mythological hero , Hercules .	1	named	the Sala d'Ercole	for its frescos
The Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives , formed in 1886 , is a federal law enforcement organization within the United States Department of Justice .	1	is	The Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives	a federal law enforcement organization within the United States Department of Justice
The Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives , formed in 1886 , is a federal law enforcement organization within the United States Department of Justice .	1	formed	The Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives	in 1886
The CRZ was organized by the Nepal and Indian members of the Naxalite movement , in a meeting at Siliguri in the Indian State of West Bengal during August 2001 .	1	was organized	The CRZ	by the Nepal and Indian members of the Naxalite movement
The Charles City equipment was transferred to Mason City to replace equipment burned in the November 24 , 1967 shop fire .	1	was transferred	The Charles City equipment	to Mason City to replace equipment
The Charles City equipment was transferred to Mason City to replace equipment burned in the November 24 , 1967 shop fire .	1	burned	 	in the November 24
The Hamburg Concathedral with chapterhouse and capitular residential courts formed a '' Cathedral Immunity District '' of the Prince - Archbishopric of Bremen too .	1	formed	The Hamburg Concathedral with chapterhouse and capitular residential courts	a '' Cathedral Immunity District '' of the Prince - Archbishopric of Bremen
The Main Street Tunnel , located in Welland , Ontario , Canada , is an underwater tunnel , carrying Niagara Road 27 and the unsigned designation of Highway 7146 under the Welland Canal .	1	is	The Main Street Tunnel	an underwater tunnel
The Main Street Tunnel , located in Welland , Ontario , Canada , is an underwater tunnel , carrying Niagara Road 27 and the unsigned designation of Highway 7146 under the Welland Canal .	1	located	The Main Street Tunnel	in Welland
The Main Street Tunnel , located in Welland , Ontario , Canada , is an underwater tunnel , carrying Niagara Road 27 and the unsigned designation of Highway 7146 under the Welland Canal .	1	carrying	The Main Street Tunnel	Niagara Road 27 and the unsigned designation of Highway 7146 under the Welland Canal
The Nadvorna dynasty is notable inasmuch as many of its descendants become rebbes .	1	is	The Nadvorna dynasty	notable inasmuch as many of its descendants become rebbes
The Nadvorna dynasty is notable inasmuch as many of its descendants become rebbes .	1	become	many of its descendants	rebbes
The PAC bulletins were widely distributed at these meetings .	1	were widely distributed	The PAC bulletins	at these meetings
The Persian contingent that was supposed to guard the defile soon abandoned it , and Alexander passed through without any problems .	1	was supposed	The Persian contingent	to guard the defile
The Persian contingent that was supposed to guard the defile soon abandoned it , and Alexander passed through without any problems .	1	abandoned	The Persian contingent	it
The Persian contingent that was supposed to guard the defile soon abandoned it , and Alexander passed through without any problems .	1	passed through	Alexander	 
The Rev. William Alfred Quayle was honored by his alma mater , Baker University , with the degrees Litt.D .	1	was honored	The Rev. William Alfred Quayle	by his alma mater
The River Stour Trust , formed in 1968 , has its headquarters in Sudbury , and a purpose built Visitor Centre located at Cornard Lock .	1	has	The River Stour Trust	its headquarters in Sudbury
The River Stour Trust , formed in 1968 , has its headquarters in Sudbury , and a purpose built Visitor Centre located at Cornard Lock .	1	formed	The River Stour Trust	in 1968
The River Stour Trust , formed in 1968 , has its headquarters in Sudbury , and a purpose built Visitor Centre located at Cornard Lock .	1	built	a purpose	Visitor Centre
The SAS killed a total of 14 Provisional Irish Republican Army and Irish National Liberation Army members at these locations .	1	killed	The SAS	a total of 14 Provisional Irish Republican Army and Irish National Liberation Army members at these locations
The Steinbrenner family added a monument to Monument Park on September 20 , 2010 to honor Steinbrenner .	1	added	The Steinbrenner family	a monument to Monument Park on September 20
The Steinbrenner family added a monument to Monument Park on September 20 , 2010 to honor Steinbrenner .	1	to honor	The Steinbrenner family	 
The Summer Programs Office runs these programs , and many Wardlaw - Hartridge Students attend camp or classes over the summer .	1	runs	The Summer Programs Office	these programs
The Summer Programs Office runs these programs , and many Wardlaw - Hartridge Students attend camp or classes over the summer .	1	attend	many Wardlaw - Hartridge Students	camp or classes over the summer
The Triple - A Baseball National Championship Game was established in 2006 .	1	was established	The Triple - A Baseball National Championship Game	in 2006
The Venezuelan government required that all private television stations dedicate at least 25 % of their airtime to programs created by community groups , non-profits , and other independent producers .	1	required	The Venezuelan government	that all private television stations dedicate at least 25 % of their airtime to programs
The Venezuelan government required that all private television stations dedicate at least 25 % of their airtime to programs created by community groups , non-profits , and other independent producers .	1	dedicate	all private television stations	at least 25 % of their airtime
The Venezuelan government required that all private television stations dedicate at least 25 % of their airtime to programs created by community groups , non-profits , and other independent producers .	1	created	programs	by community groups , non-profits , and other independent producers
The Wilbur Cross Highway formerly ended in Sturbridge ; locals sometimes call Haynes Street and portions of Mashapaug Road '' Old Route 15 '' .	1	ended	The Wilbur Cross Highway	in Sturbridge
The Wilbur Cross Highway formerly ended in Sturbridge ; locals sometimes call Haynes Street and portions of Mashapaug Road '' Old Route 15 '' .	1	call	locals	Haynes Street and portions of Mashapaug Road
The '' Charleston Courier , '' founded in 1803 , and '' Charleston Daily News , '' founded in 1865 , merged to form the '' News and Courier '' in 1873 .	1	founded	Charleston Daily News	in 1865
The '' Charleston Courier , '' founded in 1803 , and '' Charleston Daily News , '' founded in 1865 , merged to form the '' News and Courier '' in 1873 .	1	founded	Charleston Daily News	in 1803
The album , produced by Roy Thomas Baker , was promoted with American and European tours .	1	was promoted	The album , produced by Roy Thomas Baker	with American and European tours
The album , produced by Roy Thomas Baker , was promoted with American and European tours .	1	produced	The album	by Roy Thomas Baker
The band also confirmed that the album would be self - released .	1	confirmed	The band	that the album would be self - released
The band also confirmed that the album would be self - released .	1		the album	 
The band also confirmed that the album would be self - released .	1	would be self - released	the album	 
The canal was dammed off from the river for most of the construction period .	1	was dammed off	The canal	from the river for most of the construction period
The car used in '' Stealth '' was a band member 's car , and recorded just outside the studio in the parking lot .	1	was	The car used in '' Stealth	a band member 's car
The car used in '' Stealth '' was a band member 's car , and recorded just outside the studio in the parking lot .	1	recorded	The car used in '' Stealth	just outside the studio in the parking lot
The car used in '' Stealth '' was a band member 's car , and recorded just outside the studio in the parking lot .	1	used	The car	in
The city was founded by the Western Town Lot Company in 1880 , and originally named Nordland , with the platted streets given Norwegian names .	1	was founded	The city	by the Western Town Lot Company in 1880
The city was founded by the Western Town Lot Company in 1880 , and originally named Nordland , with the platted streets given Norwegian names .	1	named	The city	Nordland
The city was founded by the Western Town Lot Company in 1880 , and originally named Nordland , with the platted streets given Norwegian names .	1	given	the platted streets	Norwegian names
The closest Watson ever got was when Republicans had 12 seats in the State House in 2003 .	1	got	The closest Watson	ever
The closest Watson ever got was when Republicans had 12 seats in the State House in 2003 .	1	was	The closest Watson ever got	when Republicans had 12 seats in the State House in 2003
The closest Watson ever got was when Republicans had 12 seats in the State House in 2003 .	1	had	Republicans	12 seats in the State House in 2003
The community is served by the United States Postal Service Hinsdale Post Office .	1	is served	The community	by the United States Postal Service Hinsdale Post Office
The dialects they speak are similar but have different intonations .	1	speak	The dialects	they
The dialects they speak are similar but have different intonations .	1	are	The dialects they speak	similar but have different intonations
The dialects they speak are similar but have different intonations .	1	have	The dialects they speak	different intonations
The diocese was originally erected as the Prefecture Apostolic of Hpyeng - yang on 17 March 1927 , and renamed as the Prefecture Apostolic of Peng - yang on 17 March 1929 .	1	was	The diocese	originally erected as the Prefecture Apostolic of Hpyeng - yang on 17 March 1927
The diocese was originally erected as the Prefecture Apostolic of Hpyeng - yang on 17 March 1927 , and renamed as the Prefecture Apostolic of Peng - yang on 17 March 1929 .	1	renamed	The diocese	as the Prefecture Apostolic of Peng - yang on 17 March 1929
The economy of Ostrov is based on food , electronic , and textile industries .	1	is based	The economy of Ostrov	on food , electronic , and textile industries
The engine had twin turbochargers , and produced an advertised at 5700 rpm and of torque on 8 lbs of boost .	1	had	The engine	twin turbochargers
The engine had twin turbochargers , and produced an advertised at 5700 rpm and of torque on 8 lbs of boost .	1	produced	The engine	an advertised at 5700 rpm and of torque on 8 lbs of boost
The ensemble also has extensive recordings with Deutsche Grammophon , Dorian Recordings , Newport Classic , Navona Records , and under their own label .	1	has	The ensemble	extensive recordings with Deutsche Grammophon , Dorian Recordings , Newport Classic , Navona Records , and under their own label
The establishment of a museum had first been planned in 1821 by the Philosophical Society of Australasia , and although specimens were collected , the Society folded in 1822 .	1	had first been planned	The establishment of a museum	in 1821 by the Philosophical Society of Australasia
The establishment of a museum had first been planned in 1821 by the Philosophical Society of Australasia , and although specimens were collected , the Society folded in 1822 .	1	were collected	specimens	 
The establishment of a museum had first been planned in 1821 by the Philosophical Society of Australasia , and although specimens were collected , the Society folded in 1822 .	1	folded	the Society	in 1822
The extension of the University Library can be found on the second floor , and parking for 120 cars on the third to sixth floors .	1	can be found	The extension of the University Library	on the second floor
The external gauge is usually readable directly , and most also incorporate an electronic sender to operate a fuel gauge on the dashboard .	1	is	The external gauge	usually readable
The external gauge is usually readable directly , and most also incorporate an electronic sender to operate a fuel gauge on the dashboard .	1	to operate	an electronic sender	a fuel gauge on the dashboard
The failure of 1st Armored to arrive intact and deploy as a single entity would have important consequences in later action against German forces in Tunisia .	1	would have	The failure of 1st Armored to arrive intact and deploy as a single entity	important consequences in later action against German forces in Tunisia
The failure of 1st Armored to arrive intact and deploy as a single entity would have important consequences in later action against German forces in Tunisia .	1	to arrive	1st Armored	intact
The field at the Lake Elsinore Diamond is named the Pete Lehr Field .	1	is named	The field at the Lake Elsinore Diamond	the Pete Lehr Field
The first comes from when Sweden 's Royal Couple lived there during the 1992 Barcelona Summer Olympics .	1	lived	Sweden 's Royal Couple	there during the 1992 Barcelona Summer Olympics
The first comes from when Sweden 's Royal Couple lived there during the 1992 Barcelona Summer Olympics .	1	comes	The first	from when Sweden 's Royal Couple lived there during the 1992 Barcelona Summer Olympics
The first five laps would be added to the second part of the race and the overall result would be decided on aggregate .	1	would be decided	the overall result	on
The first five laps would be added to the second part of the race and the overall result would be decided on aggregate .	1	would be added	The first five laps	to the second part of the race and the overall result
The first five laps would be added to the second part of the race and the overall result would be decided on aggregate .	1	would be decided	the overall result	on aggregate
The first library in Huntington Beach opened in 1909 and has since evolved to a five location library system : Central , Main Street , Oak View , Helen Murphy , and Banning .	1	opened	The first library in Huntington Beach	in 1909
The first library in Huntington Beach opened in 1909 and has since evolved to a five location library system : Central , Main Street , Oak View , Helen Murphy , and Banning .	1	has since evolved	The first library in Huntington Beach	to a five location library system
The first library in Huntington Beach opened in 1909 and has since evolved to a five location library system : Central , Main Street , Oak View , Helen Murphy , and Banning .	1	,	Central , Main Street	Helen Murphy , and Banning
The following tour featured extensive dates in East Asia , where the group played Tokyo , Osaka , Fukuoka , and Southeast Asia including Jakarta , Manila as well as Singapore and Guam .	1	featured	The following tour	extensive dates in East Asia
The following tour featured extensive dates in East Asia , where the group played Tokyo , Osaka , Fukuoka , and Southeast Asia including Jakarta , Manila as well as Singapore and Guam .	1	played	the group	Tokyo , Osaka , Fukuoka , and Southeast Asia including Jakarta , Manila as well as Singapore and Guam
The founder had pledged himself to honour the Blessed Virgin in a special manner .	1	had pledged	The founder	himself to honour the Blessed Virgin in a special manner
The fundraiser was successful , and the trip occurred from June through September of 2014 .	1	was	The fundraiser	successful
The fundraiser was successful , and the trip occurred from June through September of 2014 .	1	occurred	the trip	from June through September of 2014
The fuselage had an oval cross-section and housed a water - cooled inverted - V V - 12 engine .	1	had	The fuselage	an oval cross-section
The fuselage had an oval cross-section and housed a water - cooled inverted - V V - 12 engine .	1	housed	The fuselage	a water - cooled inverted - V V - 12 engine
The fuselage had an oval cross-section and housed a water - cooled inverted - V V - 12 engine .	1	cooled	a water - cooled inverted	- V V - 12 engine
The gauge sender is usually a magnetically coupled arrangement , with a float arm inside the tank rotating a magnet , which rotates an external gauge .	1	is	The gauge sender	usually a magnetically coupled arrangement , with a float arm inside the tank
The gauge sender is usually a magnetically coupled arrangement , with a float arm inside the tank rotating a magnet , which rotates an external gauge .	1	rotates	a magnet	an external gauge
The gauge sender is usually a magnetically coupled arrangement , with a float arm inside the tank rotating a magnet , which rotates an external gauge .	1	coupled	The	arrangement
The gauge sender is usually a magnetically coupled arrangement , with a float arm inside the tank rotating a magnet , which rotates an external gauge .	1	rotating	a float arm inside the tank	a magnet , which rotates an external gauge
The insurer sponsored the golf tournament known as the New Orleans Open beginning in 1981 .	1	sponsored	The insurer	the golf tournament known as the New Orleans Open beginning in 1981
The insurer sponsored the golf tournament known as the New Orleans Open beginning in 1981 .	1	known	the golf tournament	as the New Orleans Open
The insurer sponsored the golf tournament known as the New Orleans Open beginning in 1981 .	1	beginning	as the New Orleans Open	in 1981
The lodge is open from mid-May to mid-October , with two weeks starting in the end of August reserved for the Dartmouth First - Year Trips .	1	is	The lodge	open from mid-May to mid-October
The lodge is open from mid-May to mid-October , with two weeks starting in the end of August reserved for the Dartmouth First - Year Trips .	1	reserved	two weeks starting in the end of August	for the Dartmouth First - Year Trips
The lodge is open from mid-May to mid-October , with two weeks starting in the end of August reserved for the Dartmouth First - Year Trips .	1	starting	two weeks	in the end of August
The opening credits sequence for the collection was directed by Hanada Daizaburo .	1	was directed	The opening credits sequence for the collection	by Hanada Daizaburo
The permanent members are the provost , the Carl H. Pforzheimer University Professor and the deans or designees from the following Schools : the Faculty of Arts and Sciences , Harvard Business School , Harvard Law School and Harvard Medical School .	1	are	The permanent members	the provost , the Carl H. Pforzheimer University Professor and the deans or designees from the following Schools
The pillars in a line on its both sides are according to Doric or Greek style and their decorations are according to the Meenakshi Temple at Madurai in Tamil Nadu .	1	are according	their decorations	the Meenakshi Temple at Madurai in Tamil Nadu
The pillars in a line on its both sides are according to Doric or Greek style and their decorations are according to the Meenakshi Temple at Madurai in Tamil Nadu .	1	are according	their decorations	to the Meenakshi Temple at Madurai in Tamil Nadu
The race is in mixed eights , and usually held in late February / early March .	1	is	The race	in mixed eights
The race is in mixed eights , and usually held in late February / early March .	1	usually	The race	in late February / early March
The rapids at the head of the South Fork were removed in 1908 .	1	were removed	The rapids at the head of the South Fork	in 1908
The redesigned 2006 Ram SRT - 10 came in Mineral Gray Metallic , Inferno Red , and Brilliant Black Crystal Clear Coat .	1	came	The redesigned 2006 Ram SRT - 10	in Mineral Gray Metallic , Inferno Red , and Brilliant Black Crystal Clear Coat
The redesigned 2006 Ram SRT - 10 came in Mineral Gray Metallic , Inferno Red , and Brilliant Black Crystal Clear Coat .	1	redesigned	The	2006 Ram SRT - 10
The residue can be reprocessed for more dripping and strained through a cheesecloth lined sieve as an ingredient for a fine beef stock .	1	lined	a cheesecloth	sieve as an ingredient for a fine beef stock
The residue can be reprocessed for more dripping and strained through a cheesecloth lined sieve as an ingredient for a fine beef stock .	1	strained	The residue	 
The residue can be reprocessed for more dripping and strained through a cheesecloth lined sieve as an ingredient for a fine beef stock .	1	strained	The residue	through a cheesecloth
The residue can be reprocessed for more dripping and strained through a cheesecloth lined sieve as an ingredient for a fine beef stock .	1	can be reprocessed	The residue	for more dripping and strained through a cheesecloth
The rest of the group reach a small shop , where Brady attempts to phone the Sheriff , but the crocodile breaks through a wall and devours Annabelle .	1	attempts to	Brady	phone the Sheriff
The rest of the group reach a small shop , where Brady attempts to phone the Sheriff , but the crocodile breaks through a wall and devours Annabelle .	1	breaks	the crocodile	through a wall
The rest of the group reach a small shop , where Brady attempts to phone the Sheriff , but the crocodile breaks through a wall and devours Annabelle .	1	devours	the crocodile	Annabelle
The restrictions against eating meat and drinking wine , besides reducing a person 's pleasure , recall the cessation of the '' Korban Tamid '' and the '' Nesach Hayayin '' on the Temple Altar with the destruction of the Temple .	1	recall	The restrictions against eating meat and drinking wine , besides reducing a person 's pleasure	the cessation of the '' Korban Tamid '' and the '' Nesach Hayayin '' on the Temple Altar with the destruction of the Temple
The restrictions against eating meat and drinking wine , besides reducing a person 's pleasure , recall the cessation of the '' Korban Tamid '' and the '' Nesach Hayayin '' on the Temple Altar with the destruction of the Temple .	1	eating	The restrictions against	meat
The restrictions against eating meat and drinking wine , besides reducing a person 's pleasure , recall the cessation of the '' Korban Tamid '' and the '' Nesach Hayayin '' on the Temple Altar with the destruction of the Temple .	1	reducing	The restrictions against eating meat and drinking wine	a person 's pleasure
The riders climbed off and began walking , shouting protests in general and in particular abuse at the race doctor , Pierre Dumas , whom some demanded should also take a test to see if he 'd been drinking wine or taking aspirin to make his own job easier .	1	climbed off	The riders	 
The riders climbed off and began walking , shouting protests in general and in particular abuse at the race doctor , Pierre Dumas , whom some demanded should also take a test to see if he 'd been drinking wine or taking aspirin to make his own job easier .	1	began	The riders	walking
The riders climbed off and began walking , shouting protests in general and in particular abuse at the race doctor , Pierre Dumas , whom some demanded should also take a test to see if he 'd been drinking wine or taking aspirin to make his own job easier .	1	demanded	some	should also take a test to see if he 'd been drinking wine or taking aspirin
The riders climbed off and began walking , shouting protests in general and in particular abuse at the race doctor , Pierre Dumas , whom some demanded should also take a test to see if he 'd been drinking wine or taking aspirin to make his own job easier .	1	'd been drinking	he	wine or
The second was named after former US President George H. W. Bush stayed aboard in November 1995 .	1	was named	The second	after former US President George H. W. Bush stayed aboard in November 1995
The second was named after former US President George H. W. Bush stayed aboard in November 1995 .	1	stayed	former US President George H. W. Bush	aboard in November 1995
The second was titled '' Consider Her Ways '' and also starred Barrie as the lead named Jane Waterleigh .	1	was titled	The second	Consider
The second was titled '' Consider Her Ways '' and also starred Barrie as the lead named Jane Waterleigh .	1	also starred	The second	Barrie as the lead
The second was titled '' Consider Her Ways '' and also starred Barrie as the lead named Jane Waterleigh .	1	named	the lead	Jane Waterleigh
The series of three constitutional amendments in 1933 severely curtailed the role of the Governor - General of the Irish Free State .	1	curtailed	The series of three constitutional amendments in 1933	the role of the Governor - General of the Irish Free State
The site consists of three subterranean Grotto follies , constructed in the 18th century , split between two areas , one on the western side of the lake , at and one on the eastern side at .	1	consists	The site	of three subterranean Grotto follies
The site consists of three subterranean Grotto follies , constructed in the 18th century , split between two areas , one on the western side of the lake , at and one on the eastern side at .	1	constructed	three subterranean Grotto follies	in the 18th century
The staff provides a family - style , home - cooked dinner every night , which is attended not only by Dartmouth students , but by community members , Appalachian Trail thru - hikers , tourists , and even Dartmouth professors .	1	provides	The staff	a family - style , home - cooked dinner every night , which is attended not only by Dartmouth students , but by community members
The staff provides a family - style , home - cooked dinner every night , which is attended not only by Dartmouth students , but by community members , Appalachian Trail thru - hikers , tourists , and even Dartmouth professors .	1	is attended	a family - style , home - cooked dinner every night	not only by Dartmouth students
The staff provides a family - style , home - cooked dinner every night , which is attended not only by Dartmouth students , but by community members , Appalachian Trail thru - hikers , tourists , and even Dartmouth professors .	1	cooked	a family - style , home - cooked dinner every	night
The station has a concourse and ticket office area which was internally redesigned and reopened in mid-2012 .	1	was internally redesigned	a concourse and ticket office area	 
The station has a concourse and ticket office area which was internally redesigned and reopened in mid-2012 .	1	has	The station	a concourse and ticket office area which was internally redesigned and reopened in mid-2012
The station has a concourse and ticket office area which was internally redesigned and reopened in mid-2012 .	1	reopened	a concourse and ticket office area	in mid-2012
The stations were both called '' Midsomer Norton and Welton '' ; under British Railways , the S&D station was renamed as Midsomer Norton South after a short period as Midsomer Norton Upper ; and is currently being restored with occasional open weekends with engines in steam .	1	were both called	The stations	Norton and Welton
The stations were both called '' Midsomer Norton and Welton '' ; under British Railways , the S&D station was renamed as Midsomer Norton South after a short period as Midsomer Norton Upper ; and is currently being restored with occasional open weekends with engines in steam .	1	was renamed	the S&D station	as Midsomer Norton South after a short period as Midsomer Norton
The stations were both called '' Midsomer Norton and Welton '' ; under British Railways , the S&D station was renamed as Midsomer Norton South after a short period as Midsomer Norton Upper ; and is currently being restored with occasional open weekends with engines in steam .	1	is	the S&D station	currently
The stock pot should be chilled and the solid lump of dripping which settles when chilled should be scraped clean and re-chilled for future use .	1	settles	the solid lump of dripping	when chilled should be scraped clean and re-chilled for future use
The stock pot should be chilled and the solid lump of dripping which settles when chilled should be scraped clean and re-chilled for future use .	1	should be chilled	The stock pot	 
The stock pot should be chilled and the solid lump of dripping which settles when chilled should be scraped clean and re-chilled for future use .	1	should be scraped	the solid lump of dripping	clean and re-chilled for future use
The suit alleged that they conspired to fix prices for e-books , and weaken Amazon.com 's position in the market , in violation of antitrust law .	1	alleged	The suit	that they conspired to fix prices for e-books , and weaken Amazon.com 's position in the market , in violation of antitrust law
The suit alleged that they conspired to fix prices for e-books , and weaken Amazon.com 's position in the market , in violation of antitrust law .	1	conspired	they	to fix prices for e-books
The third known version is part number 2189014 -00-212 , with at least one model being produced in February 1993 .	1	is	The third known version	part number 2189014 -00-212 , with at least one model
The third known version is part number 2189014 -00-212 , with at least one model being produced in February 1993 .	1	being produced	at least one model	in February 1993
The town was previously served by a station on the Somerset and Dorset Railway but this closed in 1966 , and by a second station on the Bristol and North Somerset Railway at Welton in the valley .	1	was	The town	previously served by a station on the Somerset and Dorset Railway
The town was previously served by a station on the Somerset and Dorset Railway but this closed in 1966 , and by a second station on the Bristol and North Somerset Railway at Welton in the valley .	1	closed	this	in 1966
The very large piers at the crossing signify that there was once a tower .	1	there was	once a tower	 
The video was the first ever to feature the use of dialogue .	1	was	The video	the first ever to feature the use of dialogue
Their mission was always for a specific mandate and lasted for a limited period .	1	was	Their mission	always for a specific mandate
Their mission was always for a specific mandate and lasted for a limited period .	1	lasted	Their mission	for a limited period
Their numbers continued to increase each year as rumours about immigration restrictions appeared in much of the Cypriot media .	1	appeared	rumours about immigration restrictions	in much of the Cypriot media
Their numbers continued to increase each year as rumours about immigration restrictions appeared in much of the Cypriot media .	1	continued	Their numbers	 
Then the fillets are put in a mix of olive oil , vinegar , sugar , garlic , chill peppers , and lots of parsley or celery .	1	are put	the fillets	in a mix of olive oil , vinegar , sugar , garlic , chill peppers , and lots of parsley or celery
There have been two crashes involving fatalities at the airfield since it was established .	1	was established	it	 
There have been two crashes involving fatalities at the airfield since it was established .	1	have been	There	two crashes involving fatalities at the airfield
There have been two crashes involving fatalities at the airfield since it was established .	1	involving	two crashes	fatalities at the airfield since it was established
There used to be a Youth Hostel but it closed in October 2008 and the building has since reopened as Keld Lodge , a hotel with bar and restaurant .	1	closed	it	in October 2008
There used to be a Youth Hostel but it closed in October 2008 and the building has since reopened as Keld Lodge , a hotel with bar and restaurant .	1	has since reopened	the building	as Keld Lodge
There used to be a Youth Hostel but it closed in October 2008 and the building has since reopened as Keld Lodge , a hotel with bar and restaurant .	1	used	There	to be a Youth Hostel
There were 143 households out of which 30.1 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 49.7 % were married couples living together , 11.9 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 36.4 % were non-families .	1	were	49.7	a female householder with no
There were 143 households out of which 30.1 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 49.7 % were married couples living together , 11.9 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 36.4 % were non-families .	1	had	 	a female householder
There were 143 households out of which 30.1 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 49.7 % were married couples living together , 11.9 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 36.4 % were non-families .	1	were	49.7 %	married couples living together
There were 143 households out of which 30.1 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 49.7 % were married couples living together , 11.9 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 36.4 % were non-families .	1	had	11.9 %	a female householder with no husband present
There were 47,604 households out of which 35.00 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 56.30 % were married couples living together , 7.50 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 32.50 % were non-families .	1	were	7.50	a female householder
There were 47,604 households out of which 35.00 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 56.30 % were married couples living together , 7.50 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 32.50 % were non-families .	1	had	7.50	a female householder with
There were 6,524 households out of which 35.3 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 31.7 % were married couples living together , 31.5 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 30.6 % were non-families .	1	were	31.5	a female householder
There were 6,524 households out of which 35.3 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 31.7 % were married couples living together , 31.5 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 30.6 % were non-families .	1	had	31.5	a female householder with
These and other attempts supplied a bridge between the literature of the two languages .	1	supplied	These and other attempts	a bridge between the literature of the two languages
These are visually very similar to part number 2189014 -00-211 , with the same AT style plug and chassis , silver label on the reverse bearing the AnyKey moniker , screws holding the keyboard together , macro programming requiring the control key , and lacking the AnyKey inscription on their face .	1	are visually	These	very similar to part number 2189014 -00-211
These are visually very similar to part number 2189014 -00-211 , with the same AT style plug and chassis , silver label on the reverse bearing the AnyKey moniker , screws holding the keyboard together , macro programming requiring the control key , and lacking the AnyKey inscription on their face .	1	bearing	the reverse	the AnyKey moniker
These are visually very similar to part number 2189014 -00-211 , with the same AT style plug and chassis , silver label on the reverse bearing the AnyKey moniker , screws holding the keyboard together , macro programming requiring the control key , and lacking the AnyKey inscription on their face .	1	holding	screws	the keyboard together
These are visually very similar to part number 2189014 -00-211 , with the same AT style plug and chassis , silver label on the reverse bearing the AnyKey moniker , screws holding the keyboard together , macro programming requiring the control key , and lacking the AnyKey inscription on their face .	1	requiring	macro programming	the control key
These beams stem from a cosmic energy source called the '' Omega Effect '' .	1	called	a cosmic energy source	the '' Omega Effect
These beams stem from a cosmic energy source called the '' Omega Effect '' .	1	stem	These beams	from a cosmic energy source
These objects are thrown away if their screen projection is too small .	1	is	their screen projection	too small
These objects are thrown away if their screen projection is too small .	1	are thrown	These objects	away
These orientations allow easy movement , i.e. degrees of freedom , and thus lowers entropy minimally .	1	lowers	These orientations	entropy minimally
These orientations allow easy movement , i.e. degrees of freedom , and thus lowers entropy minimally .	1	allow	These orientations	easy movement
These were often related to European conflict , as the Stuart Pretenders were aided and encouraged by Britain 's continental enemies for their own ends .	1	were	These	often related to European conflict
These were often related to European conflict , as the Stuart Pretenders were aided and encouraged by Britain 's continental enemies for their own ends .	1	were aided	the Stuart Pretenders	 
They beat Milligan 1 - 0 , Grand View 3 - 0 , Webber International 1 - 0 and Azusa Pacific 0 - 0 to win the NAIA National Championships .	1	beat	They	Milligan 1 - 0
They beat Milligan 1 - 0 , Grand View 3 - 0 , Webber International 1 - 0 and Azusa Pacific 0 - 0 to win the NAIA National Championships .	1	to win	1 - 0 and Azusa Pacific 0 -	the NAIA National Championships
They have included some of the most dangerous assassins in the world including Lady Shiva , David Cain , and Merlyn .	1	have included	They	some of the most dangerous assassins in the world including Lady Shiva , David Cain , and Merlyn
They have included some of the most dangerous assassins in the world including Lady Shiva , David Cain , and Merlyn .	1	including	some of the most dangerous assassins in the world	Lady Shiva , David Cain , and Merlyn
They usually go through a period of dormancy after flowering .	1	go	They	through a period of dormancy after flowering
They usually go through a period of dormancy after flowering .	1	after flowering	They	 
Third TV drama series was broadcast in 2008 - , featuring Mao Inoue as Anmitsu .	1	was broadcast	Third TV drama series	in 2008
Third TV drama series was broadcast in 2008 - , featuring Mao Inoue as Anmitsu .	1	featuring	Third TV drama series	Mao Inoue as Anmitsu
This attire has also become popular with women of other communities .	1	has also become	This attire	popular with women of other communities
This can be further generalized by defining a Q - valued Euler characteristic for certain finite categories , a notion compatible with the Euler characteristics of graphs , orbifolds and posets mentioned above .	1	by defining	This	a Q - valued Euler characteristic for certain finite categories
This can be further generalized by defining a Q - valued Euler characteristic for certain finite categories , a notion compatible with the Euler characteristics of graphs , orbifolds and posets mentioned above .	1	by defining	 	a Q - valued Euler characteristic for certain finite categories
This can be further generalized by defining a Q - valued Euler characteristic for certain finite categories , a notion compatible with the Euler characteristics of graphs , orbifolds and posets mentioned above .	1	mentioned	, orbifolds and posets	above
This can be further generalized by defining a Q - valued Euler characteristic for certain finite categories , a notion compatible with the Euler characteristics of graphs , orbifolds and posets mentioned above .	1	can be further generalized	This	 
This change was soon picked up by Huguenot writers , who began to expand on Calvin and promote the idea of the sovereignty of the people , ideas to which Catholic writers and preachers responded fiercely .	1	was soon picked up	This change	soon picked up by Huguenot writers
This change was soon picked up by Huguenot writers , who began to expand on Calvin and promote the idea of the sovereignty of the people , ideas to which Catholic writers and preachers responded fiercely .	1	began	Huguenot writers	to expand on Calvin
This change was soon picked up by Huguenot writers , who began to expand on Calvin and promote the idea of the sovereignty of the people , ideas to which Catholic writers and preachers responded fiercely .	1	responded fiercely	Catholic writers and preachers	 
This engine was equipped with an electronically controlled carburetor .	1	was equipped	This engine	with an electronically controlled carburetor
This engine was equipped with an electronically controlled carburetor .	1	was	an electronically	with an electronically controlled carburetor
This had considerable implications for the Welsh language as it was the main language of the nonconformist churches in Wales .	1	had	This	considerable implications for the Welsh language as it was the main language of the nonconformist churches in Wales
This had considerable implications for the Welsh language as it was the main language of the nonconformist churches in Wales .	1	was	it	the main language of the nonconformist churches in Wales
This is most common in Western countries in those with Barrett 's esophagus , and occurs in the cuboidal cells .	1	is	This	most common in Western countries in those with Barrett 's esophagus
This is most common in Western countries in those with Barrett 's esophagus , and occurs in the cuboidal cells .	1	occurs	This	in the cuboidal cells
This line was extended east by the Prahran & Malvern Tramways Trust from Hawthorn Road to Darling Road , Malvern East on 13 November 1913 .	1	was extended	This line	east by the Prahran & Malvern Tramways Trust from Hawthorn Road
This mutation gives him superhuman strength , speed , reflexes , agility , flexibility , dexterity , coordination , balance , and endurance .	1	gives	This mutation	him superhuman strength , speed , reflexes , agility , flexibility , dexterity , coordination , balance , and endurance
This policy was , however , opposed by the miners who demanded that the inspections be carried out by experienced colliers .	1	was	This policy	however , opposed by the miners
This policy was , however , opposed by the miners who demanded that the inspections be carried out by experienced colliers .	1	demanded	the miners	that the inspections be carried out by experienced colliers
This policy was , however , opposed by the miners who demanded that the inspections be carried out by experienced colliers .	1	opposed	This policy	by the miners
This policy was , however , opposed by the miners who demanded that the inspections be carried out by experienced colliers .	1	be carried out	the inspections	by experienced colliers
To assist the pope in the many calls for his help and charity , Pascalina organized and led the '' Magazzino '' , a private papal charity office which employed up to 40 helpers and continued until 1959 .	1	organized	Pascalina	the many
To assist the pope in the many calls for his help and charity , Pascalina organized and led the '' Magazzino '' , a private papal charity office which employed up to 40 helpers and continued until 1959 .	1	led	Pascalina	the '' Magazzino
To assist the pope in the many calls for his help and charity , Pascalina organized and led the '' Magazzino '' , a private papal charity office which employed up to 40 helpers and continued until 1959 .	1	employed	a private papal charity office	up to 40 helpers
To keep the family together , Michael asks his self - centered twin sister Lindsay , her husband Tobias and their daughter Maeby to live together in the Bluth model home with him and George Michael .	1	asks	Michael	his self - centered twin sister Lindsay , her husband Tobias and their daughter Maeby to live together in the Bluth model home with him and George Michael
To keep the family together , Michael asks his self - centered twin sister Lindsay , her husband Tobias and their daughter Maeby to live together in the Bluth model home with him and George Michael .	1	centered	his self - centered twin sister	 
To keep the family together , Michael asks his self - centered twin sister Lindsay , her husband Tobias and their daughter Maeby to live together in the Bluth model home with him and George Michael .	1	keep	 	the family together
To keep the family together , Michael asks his self - centered twin sister Lindsay , her husband Tobias and their daughter Maeby to live together in the Bluth model home with him and George Michael .	1	to live together	his self - centered twin sister Lindsay	in the Bluth model home with him and George Michael
To the Medieval school of Jewish Philosophy , that framed Judaism in light of Greek thought and human intellect , God the Infinite has no needs .	1	has	God the Infinite	no needs
To the Medieval school of Jewish Philosophy , that framed Judaism in light of Greek thought and human intellect , God the Infinite has no needs .	1	framed	the Medieval school of Jewish Philosophy	Judaism in light of Greek thought and human intellect
To the north , along and across the same border , live speakers of Lakha .	1	live	To the north , along and across the same border	speakers of Lakha
Total ' Fresh Food Story ' constructed at the end of the North Mall .	1	constructed	Total ' Fresh Food Story	at the end of the North Mall
Transferred to Key West , Florida , on 1 June 1941 , '' R - 11 '' continued her training ship duties throughout the remainder of her career .	1	continued	R - 11	her training ship duties throughout the remainder of her career
Transferred to Key West , Florida , on 1 June 1941 , '' R - 11 '' continued her training ship duties throughout the remainder of her career .	1	Transferred	 	to Key West
Trumbull was often incorrectly credited in print as being the sole special - effects creator for 2001 .	1	was often incorrectly credited	Trumbull	in print as being the sole special - effects creator for 2001
Trumbull was often incorrectly credited in print as being the sole special - effects creator for 2001 .	1	as being	Trumbull	the sole special - effects creator for 2001
Twice divorced and currently married , Ladd is the mother of actress Laura Dern , by her ex-husband , actor Bruce Dern .	1	is	Ladd is the mother of actress Laura Dern , by her ex-husband	of actress Laura Dern
Two seats were won by the Labor - Progressive Party on its own with the re-election of A.A. MacLeod and J.B. Salsberg .	1	were won	Two seats	by the Labor - Progressive Party on its
Tyabb also has Tyabb Airport , a private airfield which has been operating for more than thirty years .	1	has	Tyabb	Tyabb Airport
Tyabb also has Tyabb Airport , a private airfield which has been operating for more than thirty years .	1	has been operating	a private airfield	for more than thirty years
US 258 intersects NC 222 in Fountain before entering Edgecombe County .	1	intersects	US 258	NC 222 in Fountain before entering Edgecombe County
US 258 intersects NC 222 in Fountain before entering Edgecombe County .	1	before entering	US 258	Edgecombe County
Under the Comanche program , each company built different parts of the aircraft .	1	built	each company	different parts of the aircraft
Unlike Uncle Sam later , he is not a figure of authority but rather a yeoman who prefers his small beer and domestic peace , possessed of neither patriarchal power nor heroic defiance .	1	is not	he	a figure of authority but rather a yeoman
Unlike Uncle Sam later , he is not a figure of authority but rather a yeoman who prefers his small beer and domestic peace , possessed of neither patriarchal power nor heroic defiance .	1	prefers	rather a yeoman	his small beer and domestic peace , possessed of neither patriarchal power nor heroic defiance
Unlike Uncle Sam later , he is not a figure of authority but rather a yeoman who prefers his small beer and domestic peace , possessed of neither patriarchal power nor heroic defiance .	1	possessed	his small beer and domestic peace	of neither patriarchal power nor heroic defiance
Unruly passengers are often put off here to be taken into custody .	1	are	Unruly passengers	often put off here to be taken into custody
Unruly passengers are often put off here to be taken into custody .	1	to be taken	Unruly passengers	into custody
Wakeboarding is practiced by both men and women at the competitive level , but they compete in separate categories .	1	is practiced	Wakeboarding	by both men and women at the competitive level
Wakeboarding is practiced by both men and women at the competitive level , but they compete in separate categories .	1	compete	they	in separate categories
Watson has served as Minority Leader since elected by his caucus in November 1998 .	1	has served	Watson	as Minority Leader since elected by his caucus in November 1998
Watson has served as Minority Leader since elected by his caucus in November 1998 .	1	elected	 	by his caucus in November 1998
Watson was the founder and editor of '' newcritics.com , '' an online journal of media and arts criticism launched in January , 2007 and shuttered in June , 2009 .	1	was	Watson	the founder and editor of '' newcritics.com
Watson was the founder and editor of '' newcritics.com , '' an online journal of media and arts criticism launched in January , 2007 and shuttered in June , 2009 .	1	launched	an online journal of media and arts criticism	in January ,
Watson was the founder and editor of '' newcritics.com , '' an online journal of media and arts criticism launched in January , 2007 and shuttered in June , 2009 .	1	shuttered	an online journal of media and arts criticism	in June ,
When Naguib began showing signs of independence from Nasser by distancing himself from the RCC 's land reform decrees and drawing closer to Egypt 's established political forces , namely the Wafd and the Brotherhood , Nasser resolved to depose him .	1	began showing	Naguib	signs of independence from Nasser
When Naguib began showing signs of independence from Nasser by distancing himself from the RCC 's land reform decrees and drawing closer to Egypt 's established political forces , namely the Wafd and the Brotherhood , Nasser resolved to depose him .	1	resolved to depose	 	him
When Naguib began showing signs of independence from Nasser by distancing himself from the RCC 's land reform decrees and drawing closer to Egypt 's established political forces , namely the Wafd and the Brotherhood , Nasser resolved to depose him .	1	established	Naguib	's established political forces
When Naguib began showing signs of independence from Nasser by distancing himself from the RCC 's land reform decrees and drawing closer to Egypt 's established political forces , namely the Wafd and the Brotherhood , Nasser resolved to depose him .	1	by distancing	Naguib	himself from the RCC 's land reform decrees and drawing closer to Egypt 's established political forces
When civilian government was introduced in Romblon by the Americans in 16 March 1901 , Banton was one of 11 new municipalities reinstated or created .	1	was introduced	civilian government	Romblon by the Americans in 16 March 1901
When civilian government was introduced in Romblon by the Americans in 16 March 1901 , Banton was one of 11 new municipalities reinstated or created .	1	was	Banton	one of 11 new municipalities reinstated
When civilian government was introduced in Romblon by the Americans in 16 March 1901 , Banton was one of 11 new municipalities reinstated or created .	1	reinstated	11 new municipalities	 
When the explosion tore through the hut , Stauffenberg was convinced that no one in the room could have survived .	1	tore	the explosion	through the hut
When the explosion tore through the hut , Stauffenberg was convinced that no one in the room could have survived .	1	was convinced	Stauffenberg	that no one in the room could have survived
When the explosion tore through the hut , Stauffenberg was convinced that no one in the room could have survived .	1	could have survived	no one in the room	 
When the explosion tore through the hut , Stauffenberg was convinced that no one in the room could have survived .	1	could have survived	no one in the room	 
While pursuing his MFA at Columbia in New York , Scieszka painted apartments .	1	painted	Scieszka	apartments
While pursuing his MFA at Columbia in New York , Scieszka painted apartments .	1	pursuing	While	his MFA at Columbia in New York
Why the '' Epilogue '' is missing is unknown .	1	is missing	the	 
Why the '' Epilogue '' is missing is unknown .	1	is	Why the '' Epilogue '' is missing	unknown
Wide acceptance of zero - energy building technology may require more government incentives or building code regulations , the development of recognized standards , or significant increases in the cost of conventional energy .	1	recognized	code regulations	standards , or significant increases in the cost of conventional
Wide acceptance of zero - energy building technology may require more government incentives or building code regulations , the development of recognized standards , or significant increases in the cost of conventional energy .	1	building	 	code regulations
Wide acceptance of zero - energy building technology may require more government incentives or building code regulations , the development of recognized standards , or significant increases in the cost of conventional energy .	1	may require	Wide acceptance of zero - energy building technology	more government incentives or building code regulations
With no assigned task , the Cosmos expressed concern for what Battra might do .	1	expressed	the Cosmos	concern for what Battra might do
With no assigned task , the Cosmos expressed concern for what Battra might do .	1	assigned	no	task
With no assigned task , the Cosmos expressed concern for what Battra might do .	1	might do	Battra	 
With the help of Morena , the goddess of the underworld , she has captivated Yaromir .	1	has captivated	she	Yaromir
With this act , Russia was officially transformed from an absolute monarchy into a constitutional one , though the exact extent of just '' how '' constitutional quickly became the subject of debate , based upon the emperor 's subsequent actions .	1	was officially transformed	Russia	from an absolute monarchy into a constitutional one
With this act , Russia was officially transformed from an absolute monarchy into a constitutional one , though the exact extent of just '' how '' constitutional quickly became the subject of debate , based upon the emperor 's subsequent actions .	1	quickly became	the exact extent	the subject of debate , based upon the emperor 's subsequent actions
With this act , Russia was officially transformed from an absolute monarchy into a constitutional one , though the exact extent of just '' how '' constitutional quickly became the subject of debate , based upon the emperor 's subsequent actions .	1	based	the subject of debate	upon the emperor 's subsequent actions
With versions in 1/48 , 1/72 , 1/96 , and 1/144 scale , Big Gun Model Warship combat clubs have rules that make provisions for cannon caliber and armor thickness to be scaled according to that which existed on the prototype vessel .	1	existed	that	on the prototype vessel
With versions in 1/48 , 1/72 , 1/96 , and 1/144 scale , Big Gun Model Warship combat clubs have rules that make provisions for cannon caliber and armor thickness to be scaled according to that which existed on the prototype vessel .	1	have	Big Gun Model Warship combat clubs	rules that make provisions for cannon caliber and armor thickness to be scaled according to that
With versions in 1/48 , 1/72 , 1/96 , and 1/144 scale , Big Gun Model Warship combat clubs have rules that make provisions for cannon caliber and armor thickness to be scaled according to that which existed on the prototype vessel .	1	make		provisions for cannon caliber and armor thickness to be scaled according to that
With versions in 1/48 , 1/72 , 1/96 , and 1/144 scale , Big Gun Model Warship combat clubs have rules that make provisions for cannon caliber and armor thickness to be scaled according to that which existed on the prototype vessel .	1	to be scaled	cannon caliber and armor thickness	 
Wright was the subject of '' This Is Your Life '' on two occasions : in May 1961 when he was surprised by Eamonn Andrews , and in January 1990 , when Michael Aspel surprised him at Thames Television 's Teddington Studios .	1	was	Wright	the subject of '' This Is Your Life
Wright was the subject of '' This Is Your Life '' on two occasions : in May 1961 when he was surprised by Eamonn Andrews , and in January 1990 , when Michael Aspel surprised him at Thames Television 's Teddington Studios .	1	was surprised	he was surprised by Eamonn Andrews , and in January 1990 , when Michael Aspel	
Wright was the subject of '' This Is Your Life '' on two occasions : in May 1961 when he was surprised by Eamonn Andrews , and in January 1990 , when Michael Aspel surprised him at Thames Television 's Teddington Studios .	1	surprised	Michael Aspel	him at Thames Television 's Teddington Studios
Wright was the subject of '' This Is Your Life '' on two occasions : in May 1961 when he was surprised by Eamonn Andrews , and in January 1990 , when Michael Aspel surprised him at Thames Television 's Teddington Studios .	1	Is	This	Your Life
'' Black Water '' became one of the few records by any act released as a B - side to another Hot 100 hit '' before '' topping the Hot 100 itself .	1	became	Black Water	one of the few records by any act
'' Black Water '' became one of the few records by any act released as a B - side to another Hot 100 hit '' before '' topping the Hot 100 itself .	1	released	any act	as a B - side to another Hot 100
'' Greenfish '' was launched by the Electric Boat Co. , Groton , Conn. , 21 December 1945 ; sponsored by Mrs. Thomas J. Doyle ; and commissioned 7 June 1946 , Comdr. R. M. Metcalf commanding .	1	was launched	Greenfish	by the Electric Boat Co.
'' Greenfish '' was launched by the Electric Boat Co. , Groton , Conn. , 21 December 1945 ; sponsored by Mrs. Thomas J. Doyle ; and commissioned 7 June 1946 , Comdr. R. M. Metcalf commanding .	1	sponsored	Greenfish	by Mrs. Thomas J. Doyle
'' Greenfish '' was launched by the Electric Boat Co. , Groton , Conn. , 21 December 1945 ; sponsored by Mrs. Thomas J. Doyle ; and commissioned 7 June 1946 , Comdr. R. M. Metcalf commanding .	1	commissioned	Greenfish	7 June 1946
'' Greenfish '' was launched by the Electric Boat Co. , Groton , Conn. , 21 December 1945 ; sponsored by Mrs. Thomas J. Doyle ; and commissioned 7 June 1946 , Comdr. R. M. Metcalf commanding .	1	commanding	Comdr. R. M. Metcalf	 
'' It started from modest beginnings and became a gigantic charity '' .	1	started	It	from modest beginnings
'' It started from modest beginnings and became a gigantic charity '' .	1	became	It	a gigantic charity
'' Le Griffon '' is reported to be the '' Holy Grail '' of Great Lakes shipwreck hunters .	1	is reported	Le Griffon	 
'' The Cure '' topped the online music sales charts .	1	topped	The Cure	the online music sales charts
he was one of only a few concert organists worldwide who supported themselves exclusively by giving recitals , concerts and master classes , without any supplement from teaching or church position .	1	was	he	one of only a few concert organists worldwide
he was one of only a few concert organists worldwide who supported themselves exclusively by giving recitals , concerts and master classes , without any supplement from teaching or church position .	1	supported themselves exclusively	only a few concert organists worldwide	themselves
he was one of only a few concert organists worldwide who supported themselves exclusively by giving recitals , concerts and master classes , without any supplement from teaching or church position .	1	by giving	only a few concert organists	recitals , concerts and master classes ,
$ 300 million of bonds due Nov. 16 , 1993 , with equity - purchase warrants , indicating a 3 3\/4 % coupon at par via Nomura International Ltd .	1	indicating	$ 300 million of bonds due Nov. 16 , 1993 , with equity - purchase warrants	a 3 3\/4 % coupon at par via Nomura International Ltd
( Separately , the Senate last week passed a bill permitting execution of terrorists who kill Americans abroad . )	1	passed	the Senate last week	a bill permitting execution of terrorists
( Separately , the Senate last week passed a bill permitting execution of terrorists who kill Americans abroad . )	1	kill	terrorists	Americans abroad
A San Francisco lawyer , Mr. Panelli rowed religiously when he first got the machine , but , he complains , it left grease marks on his carpet , '' and it was boring .	1	rowed religiously	A San Francisco lawyer	when he first got the machine
A San Francisco lawyer , Mr. Panelli rowed religiously when he first got the machine , but , he complains , it left grease marks on his carpet , '' and it was boring .	1	got	he	the machine
A San Francisco lawyer , Mr. Panelli rowed religiously when he first got the machine , but , he complains , it left grease marks on his carpet , '' and it was boring .	1	left	he	grease marks on his carpet
A San Francisco lawyer , Mr. Panelli rowed religiously when he first got the machine , but , he complains , it left grease marks on his carpet , '' and it was boring .	1	was	he	boring
A half - dozen Soviet space officials , in Tokyo in July for an exhibit , stopped by to see their counterparts at the National Space Development Agency of Japan .	1	stopped	A half - dozen Soviet space officials , in Tokyo in July for an exhibit	by to see their counterparts at the National Space Development Agency of Japan
A month ago , when Beatrice first filed to sell debt , the company had planned to offer $ 200 million of its senior subordinated reset notes at a yield of 12 3\/4 % .	1	filed to sell	Beatrice	debt
A month ago , when Beatrice first filed to sell debt , the company had planned to offer $ 200 million of its senior subordinated reset notes at a yield of 12 3\/4 % .	1	had planned	the company	to offer $ 200 million of its senior subordinated reset notes at a yield of 12 3\/4 %
A similar technique is almost impossible to apply to other crops , such as cotton , soybeans and rice .	1	is	A similar technique	almost impossible to apply to other crops , such as cotton , soybeans and rice
A specialist is an exchange member designated to maintain a fair and orderly market in a specified stock .	1	is	A specialist	an exchange member designated to maintain a fair and orderly market in a specified stock
A specialist is an exchange member designated to maintain a fair and orderly market in a specified stock .	1	designated	an exchange member	to maintain a fair and orderly market in a specified stock
A spokesman said HealthVest has paid two of the three banks it owed interest to in October and is in negotiations with the third bank .	1	said	A spokesman	HealthVest has paid two of the three banks
A spokesman said HealthVest has paid two of the three banks it owed interest to in October and is in negotiations with the third bank .	1	owed	it	interest to in October
A spokesman said HealthVest has paid two of the three banks it owed interest to in October and is in negotiations with the third bank .	1	has paid	HealthVest	two of the three banks
A spokesman said HealthVest has paid two of the three banks it owed interest to in October and is in negotiations with the third bank .	1	is	 	in negotiations with the third bank
A state judge postponed a decision on a move by holders of Telerate Inc. to block the tender offer of Dow Jones & Co. for the 33 % of Telerate it does n't already own .	1	postponed	A state judge	a decision on a move by holders of Telerate Inc. to block the tender offer of Dow Jones & Co. for the 33 % of Telerate
A state judge postponed a decision on a move by holders of Telerate Inc. to block the tender offer of Dow Jones & Co. for the 33 % of Telerate it does n't already own .	1	does n't	it	already
A state judge postponed a decision on a move by holders of Telerate Inc. to block the tender offer of Dow Jones & Co. for the 33 % of Telerate it does n't already own .	1	to block	of Telerate Inc.	the tender offer of Dow Jones & Co. for the 33 % of Telerate
A surprising 78 % of people said they exercise regularly , up from 73 % in 1981 .	1	said	A surprising 78 % of people	they exercise regularly , up from 73 % in 1981
A surprising 78 % of people said they exercise regularly , up from 73 % in 1981 .	1	exercise regularly	they	 
A year earlier UniFirst earned $ 2.4 million , or 24 cents a share adjusted for the split .	1	earned	UniFirst	$ 2.4 million
A year earlier UniFirst earned $ 2.4 million , or 24 cents a share adjusted for the split .	1	adjusted	24 cents a share	for the split
About $ 70 billion is estimated to be tied up in the short - term money market , which acts both as a hedge against inflation for consumers and an accelerator of inflation and deficits for the government .	1	is estimated	About $ 70 billion	to be tied up in the short - term money market
About $ 70 billion is estimated to be tied up in the short - term money market , which acts both as a hedge against inflation for consumers and an accelerator of inflation and deficits for the government .	1	acts	the short - term money market	both as a hedge against inflation for consumers and an accelerator of inflation and deficits for the government
According to one person familiar with the airline , the buy - out group -- led by United 's pilots union and UAL Chairman Stephen Wolf -- has begun billing UAL for fees and expenses it owes to investment bankers , law firms and banks .	1	has begun	the buy - out group -- led by United 's pilots union and UAL Chairman Stephen Wolf	billing UAL for fees and expenses
According to one person familiar with the airline , the buy - out group -- led by United 's pilots union and UAL Chairman Stephen Wolf -- has begun billing UAL for fees and expenses it owes to investment bankers , law firms and banks .	1	owes	it	to investment bankers , law firms and banks
According to one person familiar with the airline , the buy - out group -- led by United 's pilots union and UAL Chairman Stephen Wolf -- has begun billing UAL for fees and expenses it owes to investment bankers , law firms and banks .	1	led	the buy - out group	by United 's pilots union and UAL Chairman Stephen
According to one person familiar with the airline , the buy - out group -- led by United 's pilots union and UAL Chairman Stephen Wolf -- has begun billing UAL for fees and expenses it owes to investment bankers , law firms and banks .	1	According	 	to one person familiar with the airline
After practicing law locally , he was elected to his first 10 - year term as judge in 1971 ; in 1981 , he was effectively re - elected .	1	was elected	he	to his first 10 - year term as judge in 1971
After practicing law locally , he was elected to his first 10 - year term as judge in 1971 ; in 1981 , he was effectively re - elected .	1	was effectively re	he	in 1981
After practicing law locally , he was elected to his first 10 - year term as judge in 1971 ; in 1981 , he was effectively re - elected .	1	was effectively re	he	in
After practicing law locally , he was elected to his first 10 - year term as judge in 1971 ; in 1981 , he was effectively re - elected .	1	practicing	 	law locally
After years of talking about selling in Japan , more and more U.S. companies are seriously pouring in .	1	are seriously pouring in	more and more U.S. companies	 
After years of talking about selling in Japan , more and more U.S. companies are seriously pouring in .	1	of talking about selling	 	in Japan
Also , the premiums paid by the U.S. government on a purchase of copper for the U.S. Mint were lower than expected , and acted as a price depressant , analysts said .	1	were	the premiums paid by the U.S. government on a purchase of copper for the U.S. Mint	lower than expected
Also , the premiums paid by the U.S. government on a purchase of copper for the U.S. Mint were lower than expected , and acted as a price depressant , analysts said .	1	acted	the premiums paid by the U.S. government on a purchase of copper for the U.S. Mint	as a price depressant
Also , the premiums paid by the U.S. government on a purchase of copper for the U.S. Mint were lower than expected , and acted as a price depressant , analysts said .	1	said	the premiums paid by the U.S. government on a purchase of copper for the U.S. Mint were lower than expected , and acted as a price depressant	 
Also , the premiums paid by the U.S. government on a purchase of copper for the U.S. Mint were lower than expected , and acted as a price depressant , analysts said .	1	paid	the premiums	by the U.S. government on a purchase of copper for the U.S.
Although Heathrow authorities have been watching a group of allegedly crooked baggage handlers for some time , the Gauguin may be '' lost . ''	1	have been watching	Heathrow authorities	a group of allegedly crooked baggage handlers for some time
Although Heathrow authorities have been watching a group of allegedly crooked baggage handlers for some time , the Gauguin may be '' lost . ''	1	lost	the Gauguin	 
Although Heathrow authorities have been watching a group of allegedly crooked baggage handlers for some time , the Gauguin may be '' lost . ''	1	may be	the Gauguin	lost
Although Mr. Azoff wo n't produce films at first , it is possible that he could do so later , the sources said .	1	said	the sources	 
Although Mr. Azoff wo n't produce films at first , it is possible that he could do so later , the sources said .	1	is	it	possible that he could do so later
Although Mr. Azoff wo n't produce films at first , it is possible that he could do so later , the sources said .	1	wo n't produce	Mr. Azoff	films at first
Although Mr. Azoff wo n't produce films at first , it is possible that he could do so later , the sources said .	1	could do	he	so later
Although no specific agreements are expected , Mr. Shevardnadze said '' that does n't mean they will be without an agenda . ''	1	said	Mr. Shevardnadze	that does n't mean they will be without an agenda
Although no specific agreements are expected , Mr. Shevardnadze said '' that does n't mean they will be without an agenda . ''	1	does n't mean	that	they will be without an agenda
Although no specific agreements are expected , Mr. Shevardnadze said '' that does n't mean they will be without an agenda . ''	1	are expected	no specific agreements	 
Although no specific agreements are expected , Mr. Shevardnadze said '' that does n't mean they will be without an agenda . ''	1	will be	that	they will be without an agenda
Although the Treasury will announce details of the November refunding tomorrow , it could be delayed if Congress and President Bush fail to increase the Treasury 's borrowing capacity .	1	could be delayed	it	and President Bush
Although the Treasury will announce details of the November refunding tomorrow , it could be delayed if Congress and President Bush fail to increase the Treasury 's borrowing capacity .	1	will announce	the Treasury	details of the November refunding tomorrow
Although the Treasury will announce details of the November refunding tomorrow , it could be delayed if Congress and President Bush fail to increase the Treasury 's borrowing capacity .	1	could be delayed	it	 
Although the Treasury will announce details of the November refunding tomorrow , it could be delayed if Congress and President Bush fail to increase the Treasury 's borrowing capacity .	1	to increase	Congress and President Bush	the Treasury 's borrowing capacity
Among other things , they said , Mr. Azoff would develop musical acts for a new record label .	1	said	they	Mr. Azoff would develop musical acts for a new record label
Among other things , they said , Mr. Azoff would develop musical acts for a new record label .	1	would develop	Mr. Azoff	musical acts for a new record label
And , since the public has always been fascinated by gossip and voyeurism , reporters and editors will strain for creative angles to justify the inclusion of collateral facts about private lives including sexual activities and domestic relationships , activities of family members , and all matters about mental and physical health .	1	has always been fascinated	the public	by gossip and voyeurism
And , since the public has always been fascinated by gossip and voyeurism , reporters and editors will strain for creative angles to justify the inclusion of collateral facts about private lives including sexual activities and domestic relationships , activities of family members , and all matters about mental and physical health .	1	including	of collateral facts about private lives	sexual activities and domestic relationships , activities of family members , and all matters about mental and physical health
And , since the public has always been fascinated by gossip and voyeurism , reporters and editors will strain for creative angles to justify the inclusion of collateral facts about private lives including sexual activities and domestic relationships , activities of family members , and all matters about mental and physical health .	1	will strain	reporters and editors	for creative angles to justify the inclusion of collateral facts about private lives including sexual activities and domestic relationships , activities of family members , and all matters about mental and physical health
And , since the public has always been fascinated by gossip and voyeurism , reporters and editors will strain for creative angles to justify the inclusion of collateral facts about private lives including sexual activities and domestic relationships , activities of family members , and all matters about mental and physical health .	1	to justify	reporters and editors	the inclusion of collateral facts about private lives including sexual activities and domestic relationships , activities of family members , and all matters about mental and physical health
And Dewar 's gave discounts on Scottish merchandise to people who sent in bottle labels .	1	gave	Dewar 's	discounts on Scottish merchandise to people
And Dewar 's gave discounts on Scottish merchandise to people who sent in bottle labels .	1	sent	people	in bottle labels
And do n't expect many complete games by pitchers -- perhaps three out of 288 , laughs Mr. Fingers , the former Oakland reliever .	1	laughs	n't expect many complete games by pitchers	Mr. Fingers
And he got rid of low - margin businesses that just were n't making money for the company .	1	got	he	rid of low - margin businesses
And he got rid of low - margin businesses that just were n't making money for the company .	1	were n't making	low - margin businesses	money for the company
Annualized interest rates on certain investments as reported by the Federal Reserve Board on a weekly - average basis :	1	reported	Annualized interest rates on certain investments	by the Federal Reserve Board on a weekly - average
As a result , he said he will examine the Marcos documents sought by the prosecutors to determine whether turning over the filings is self - incrimination .	1	said	he	he will examine the Marcos documents
As a result , he said he will examine the Marcos documents sought by the prosecutors to determine whether turning over the filings is self - incrimination .	1	is	turning over the filings	self - incrimination
As a result , he said he will examine the Marcos documents sought by the prosecutors to determine whether turning over the filings is self - incrimination .	1	sought	the Marcos documents	by the prosecutors to determine whether turning over the filings is self - incrimination
As a result , he said he will examine the Marcos documents sought by the prosecutors to determine whether turning over the filings is self - incrimination .	1	is	turning over the filings	self - incrimination
As of Sept. 30 , American Brands had 95.2 million shares outstanding .	1	had	American Brands	95.2 million shares outstanding
As the London trading session drew to a close , the market was still listening to the parliamentary debate on the economy , with new Chancellor of the Exchequer John Major expected to clarify his approach to the British economy and currency issues .	1	drew	the London trading session	to a close
As the London trading session drew to a close , the market was still listening to the parliamentary debate on the economy , with new Chancellor of the Exchequer John Major expected to clarify his approach to the British economy and currency issues .	1	was	the market	to the parliamentary debate on the economy
As the London trading session drew to a close , the market was still listening to the parliamentary debate on the economy , with new Chancellor of the Exchequer John Major expected to clarify his approach to the British economy and currency issues .	1	expected	new Chancellor of the Exchequer John Major	to clarify his approach to the British economy and currency issues
At Giant Bicycle Inc. , Rancho Dominguez , Calif. , sales have tripled since the company entered the U.S. mountain - bike business in 1987 .	1	entered	the company	the U.S. mountain - bike business in 1987
At Giant Bicycle Inc. , Rancho Dominguez , Calif. , sales have tripled since the company entered the U.S. mountain - bike business in 1987 .	1	have tripled	sales	since the company entered the U.S. mountain - bike business in 1987
At one point , almost all of the shares in the 20 - stock Major Market Index , which mimics the industrial average , were sharply higher .	1	were	almost all of the shares in the 20 - stock Major Market Index	sharply higher
At one point , almost all of the shares in the 20 - stock Major Market Index , which mimics the industrial average , were sharply higher .	1	mimics	the 20 - stock Major Market Index	the industrial average
Avery Inc. said it completed the sale of Uniroyal Chemical Holding Co. to a group led by management of Uniroyal Chemical Co. , the unit 's main business .	1	said	Avery Inc.	it completed the sale of Uniroyal Chemical Holding Co. to a group
Avery Inc. said it completed the sale of Uniroyal Chemical Holding Co. to a group led by management of Uniroyal Chemical Co. , the unit 's main business .	1	completed	it	the sale of Uniroyal Chemical Holding Co.
Avery Inc. said it completed the sale of Uniroyal Chemical Holding Co. to a group led by management of Uniroyal Chemical Co. , the unit 's main business .	1	led	a group	by management of Uniroyal Chemical Co.
Because patients require less attention from nurses and other staff , room charges are lower -- about $ 100 less per day than a regular room at the Vermont hospital .	1	require	patients	less attention from nurses and other staff
Because patients require less attention from nurses and other staff , room charges are lower -- about $ 100 less per day than a regular room at the Vermont hospital .	1	are	room charges	lower
Between flashes , certain areas in subjects ' brains are jolted with a magnetic stimulator .	1	are jolted	certain areas in subjects ' brains	with a magnetic stimulator
Both reflect the dismissal of lower - level and shorter - tenure executives .	1	reflect	Both	the dismissal of lower - level and shorter - tenure executives
British government bonds ended moderately higher , encouraged by a steadier pound and a rise in British stocks .	1	ended moderately higher	British government bonds	 
British government bonds ended moderately higher , encouraged by a steadier pound and a rise in British stocks .	1	encouraged	British government bonds	by a steadier pound and a rise in British stocks
But , with the state offering only $ 39,000 a year and California 's high standard of living , '' there are n't too many to choose from , '' says Brent Scott , a recruiting officer .	1	says	n't too many to choose from	Brent Scott
But , with the state offering only $ 39,000 a year and California 's high standard of living , '' there are n't too many to choose from , '' says Brent Scott , a recruiting officer .	1	there are n't	too many	 
But , with the state offering only $ 39,000 a year and California 's high standard of living , '' there are n't too many to choose from , '' says Brent Scott , a recruiting officer .	1	offering	the state	only $ 39,000 a year
But although the golden share has been waived , a hostile bidder for Jaguar would still have to alter the British concern 's articles of association which ban shareholdings of more than 15 % .	1	has been waived	the golden share	 
But although the golden share has been waived , a hostile bidder for Jaguar would still have to alter the British concern 's articles of association which ban shareholdings of more than 15 % .	1	ban	the British concern 's articles of association	shareholdings of more than 15 %
But although the golden share has been waived , a hostile bidder for Jaguar would still have to alter the British concern 's articles of association which ban shareholdings of more than 15 % .	1	would still have	a hostile bidder for Jaguar	to alter the British concern 's articles of association
But amid the two dozen bureaucrats and secretaries sits only one real - life PC .	1	sits	amid the two dozen bureaucrats and secretaries	only one real - life PC
But fully 90 % of those polled felt they did n't need to belong to a health club .	1	felt	fully 90 % of those	they did n't need to belong to a health club
But fully 90 % of those polled felt they did n't need to belong to a health club .	1	did n't need	they	to belong to a health club
But he emphasized that new accounts , new sales , inquiries and subsequent sales of stock funds are all up this month from September 's level .	1	emphasized	he	that new accounts , new sales , inquiries and subsequent sales of stock funds are all up this month from September 's level
But he emphasized that new accounts , new sales , inquiries and subsequent sales of stock funds are all up this month from September 's level .	1	are	new accounts , new sales , inquiries and subsequent sales of stock funds	all up this month from September 's level
But it appears to be the sort of hold one makes while heading for the door .	1	appears	it	 
But it appears to be the sort of hold one makes while heading for the door .	1	makes	the sort of hold	while heading for the door
But it does that at the cost of deepening the taxpayer 's exposure if the FHA is forced to pay for more loans going sour .	1	does	it	that at the cost of deepening the taxpayer 's exposure if the FHA is forced to pay for more loans
But it does that at the cost of deepening the taxpayer 's exposure if the FHA is forced to pay for more loans going sour .	1	is forced	the FHA	to pay for more loans
But it does that at the cost of deepening the taxpayer 's exposure if the FHA is forced to pay for more loans going sour .	1	of deepening	 	the taxpayer 's exposure
But it does that at the cost of deepening the taxpayer 's exposure if the FHA is forced to pay for more loans going sour .	1	going	more loans	sour
But then Judge O'Kicki often behaved like a man who would be king -- and , some say , an arrogant and abusive one .	1	behaved	Judge O'Kicki	like a man
But then Judge O'Kicki often behaved like a man who would be king -- and , some say , an arrogant and abusive one .	1	say	some	an arrogant and abusive one
But then Judge O'Kicki often behaved like a man who would be king -- and , some say , an arrogant and abusive one .	1	would be	a man	king
But we can think of many reasons to stay out for the foreseeable future and well beyond .	1	can think	we	of many reasons
But we can think of many reasons to stay out for the foreseeable future and well beyond .	1	to stay out	many reasons	for the foreseeable future and well beyond
But when they arrived at the door , all were afraid to go in , fearing that they would be out of place .	1	arrived	they	at the door
But when they arrived at the door , all were afraid to go in , fearing that they would be out of place .	1	were	all	afraid to go in
But when they arrived at the door , all were afraid to go in , fearing that they would be out of place .	1	fearing	they	that they would be out of place
But when they arrived at the door , all were afraid to go in , fearing that they would be out of place .	1	would be	 	out of place
But wire transfers from a standing account -- including those bigger than $ 10,000 -- are n't reported .	1	are n't reported	wire transfers from a standing account -- including those bigger than $ 10,000	 
But wire transfers from a standing account -- including those bigger than $ 10,000 -- are n't reported .	1	standing	wire transfers from a	account
But yesterday , Mr. Carpenter said big institutional investors , which he would n't identify , '' told us they would n't do business with firms '' that continued to do index arbitrage for their own accounts .	1	said	Mr. Carpenter	big institutional investors , which he would n't identify , '' told us they would n't do business with firms
But yesterday , Mr. Carpenter said big institutional investors , which he would n't identify , '' told us they would n't do business with firms '' that continued to do index arbitrage for their own accounts .	1	told	big institutional investors	us they would n't do business with firms ''
But yesterday , Mr. Carpenter said big institutional investors , which he would n't identify , '' told us they would n't do business with firms '' that continued to do index arbitrage for their own accounts .	1	continued	they	to do index arbitrage for their own accounts
But yesterday , Mr. Carpenter said big institutional investors , which he would n't identify , '' told us they would n't do business with firms '' that continued to do index arbitrage for their own accounts .	1	would n't identify	big institutional investors	 
But yesterday , Mr. Carpenter said big institutional investors , which he would n't identify , '' told us they would n't do business with firms '' that continued to do index arbitrage for their own accounts .	1	would n't do	us	business with firms
But you ca n't dismiss Mr. Stoltzman 's music or his motives as merely commercial and lightweight .	1	ca n't dismiss	you	Mr. Stoltzman 's music or his motives as merely commercial and lightweight
By increasing the number of PCs it uses from 66 to 1,000 , Omron Tateishi Electronics Co. , of Kyoto , hopes not only to make certain tasks easier but also to transform the way the company is run .	1	uses	it	from 66 to 1,000
By increasing the number of PCs it uses from 66 to 1,000 , Omron Tateishi Electronics Co. , of Kyoto , hopes not only to make certain tasks easier but also to transform the way the company is run .	1	hopes	Omron Tateishi Electronics Co. , of Kyoto	not only to make certain tasks easier but also to transform the way
By increasing the number of PCs it uses from 66 to 1,000 , Omron Tateishi Electronics Co. , of Kyoto , hopes not only to make certain tasks easier but also to transform the way the company is run .	1	is run	the company	 
By increasing the number of PCs it uses from 66 to 1,000 , Omron Tateishi Electronics Co. , of Kyoto , hopes not only to make certain tasks easier but also to transform the way the company is run .	1	increasing	By	the number of PCs
Coca - Cola Co. , aiming to boost soft - drink volume in Singapore , said it is discussing a joint venture with Fraser & Neave Ltd. , its bottling franchisee in that country .	1	said	Coca - Cola Co.	it is discussing a joint venture with Fraser & Neave Ltd.
Coca - Cola Co. , aiming to boost soft - drink volume in Singapore , said it is discussing a joint venture with Fraser & Neave Ltd. , its bottling franchisee in that country .	1	is discussing	it	a joint venture with Fraser & Neave Ltd.
Coca - Cola Co. , aiming to boost soft - drink volume in Singapore , said it is discussing a joint venture with Fraser & Neave Ltd. , its bottling franchisee in that country .	1	aiming	Coca - Cola Co.	to boost soft - drink volume in Singapore
Coca - Cola Co. , aiming to boost soft - drink volume in Singapore , said it is discussing a joint venture with Fraser & Neave Ltd. , its bottling franchisee in that country .	1	bottling	Fraser & Neave Ltd.	franchisee in that country
Combined PC and work - station use in Japan will jump as much as 25 % annually over the next five years , according to some analysts , compared with about 10 % in the U.S. .	1	compared	Combined PC and work - station use in Japan	with about 10 % in the U.S.
Combined PC and work - station use in Japan will jump as much as 25 % annually over the next five years , according to some analysts , compared with about 10 % in the U.S. .	1	according	Combined PC and work - station use in Japan	to some analysts
Combined PC and work - station use in Japan will jump as much as 25 % annually over the next five years , according to some analysts , compared with about 10 % in the U.S. .	1	will jump	Combined PC and work - station use in Japan	as much as 25 % annually over the next five years
Company officials said the current robust domestic demand that has been fueling sustained economic expansion helped push up sales of products like ships , steel structures , power systems and machinery and resulted in sharply higher profit .	1	said	Company officials	the current robust domestic demand that has been fueling sustained economic expansion helped push up sales of products like ships , steel structures , power systems and machinery
Company officials said the current robust domestic demand that has been fueling sustained economic expansion helped push up sales of products like ships , steel structures , power systems and machinery and resulted in sharply higher profit .	1	helped	the current robust domestic demand that has been fueling sustained economic expansion	push up sales of products like ships , steel structures , power systems and machinery and resulted in sharply higher profit
Company officials said the current robust domestic demand that has been fueling sustained economic expansion helped push up sales of products like ships , steel structures , power systems and machinery and resulted in sharply higher profit .	1	resulted	 	in sharply higher profit
Company officials said the current robust domestic demand that has been fueling sustained economic expansion helped push up sales of products like ships , steel structures , power systems and machinery and resulted in sharply higher profit .	1	has been fueling	the current robust domestic demand	sustained economic expansion
Considered as a whole , Mr. Lane said , the filings required under the proposed rules '' will be at least as effective , if not more so , for investors following transactions . ''	1	said	Mr. Lane	the filings required under the proposed rules '' will be at least as effective , if not more so , for investors
Considered as a whole , Mr. Lane said , the filings required under the proposed rules '' will be at least as effective , if not more so , for investors following transactions . ''	1	Considered	 	as a whole
Considered as a whole , Mr. Lane said , the filings required under the proposed rules '' will be at least as effective , if not more so , for investors following transactions . ''	1	required	the filings	under the proposed rules
Considered as a whole , Mr. Lane said , the filings required under the proposed rules '' will be at least as effective , if not more so , for investors following transactions . ''	1	following	investors	transactions
Crouched at shortstop , Bert Campaneris , once Oakland 's master thief , effortlessly scoops up a groundball and flips it to second .	1	effortlessly scoops up	Bert Campaneris	a groundball
Crouched at shortstop , Bert Campaneris , once Oakland 's master thief , effortlessly scoops up a groundball and flips it to second .	1	flips	 	it to second
Crouched at shortstop , Bert Campaneris , once Oakland 's master thief , effortlessly scoops up a groundball and flips it to second .	1	Crouched	 	at shortstop
Daimler said it has had talks with Jaguar about possible joint ventures .	1	said	Daimler	it has had talks with Jaguar about possible joint ventures
Daimler said it has had talks with Jaguar about possible joint ventures .	1	has had	it	talks with Jaguar about possible joint ventures
Despite the modest gains , traders said the market remains dull , with investors remaining cautiously on the sidelines .	1	said	traders	the market remains dull , with investors remaining cautiously on the sidelines
Despite the modest gains , traders said the market remains dull , with investors remaining cautiously on the sidelines .	1	remains	the market	dull
Despite the modest gains , traders said the market remains dull , with investors remaining cautiously on the sidelines .	1	remaining cautiously	investors	on the sidelines
During the past 25 years , the number of balloonists ( those who have passed a Federal Aviation Authority lighter - than - air test ) have swelled from a couple hundred to several thousand , with some estimates running as high as 10,000 .	1	have passed	those	a Federal Aviation Authority lighter - than - air test
During the past 25 years , the number of balloonists ( those who have passed a Federal Aviation Authority lighter - than - air test ) have swelled from a couple hundred to several thousand , with some estimates running as high as 10,000 .	1	have swelled	the number of balloonists	from a couple hundred to several thousand
During the past 25 years , the number of balloonists ( those who have passed a Federal Aviation Authority lighter - than - air test ) have swelled from a couple hundred to several thousand , with some estimates running as high as 10,000 .	1	running	some estimates	as high as 10,000
Each company 's share of liability would be based on their share of the national DES market .	1	would be based	Each company 's share of liability	on their share of the national DES market
Earlier this year , Blackstone Group , a New York investment bank , had no trouble selling out a special $ 570 million mortgage - securities trust it created for Japanese investors .	1	had no trouble selling out	Blackstone Group	no trouble selling out a special $ 570 million mortgage - securities trust it
Earlier this year , Blackstone Group , a New York investment bank , had no trouble selling out a special $ 570 million mortgage - securities trust it created for Japanese investors .	1	created	a special $ 570 million mortgage - securities trust	for Japanese investors
Early in the morning Mr. Sider , an estate lawyer , pores over last wills and testaments .	1	pores	Mr. Sider	over last wills and testaments
Edison Brothers Stores Inc. said it agreed to buy 229 Foxmoor women 's apparel stores from Foxmoor Specialty Stores Corp. , a unit of Dylex Ltd. of Toronto .	1	said	Edison Brothers Stores Inc.	it agreed to buy 229 Foxmoor women 's apparel stores from Foxmoor Specialty Stores Corp.
Edison Brothers Stores Inc. said it agreed to buy 229 Foxmoor women 's apparel stores from Foxmoor Specialty Stores Corp. , a unit of Dylex Ltd. of Toronto .	1	agreed	it	to buy 229 Foxmoor women 's apparel stores from Foxmoor Specialty Stores Corp.
Employers could also pay a subminimum '' training wage '' for 90 days to new workers who are up to 19 years old , and then for another 90 days if the company institutes a specific training program for the newcomers .	1	institutes	the company	a specific training program for the newcomers
Employers could also pay a subminimum '' training wage '' for 90 days to new workers who are up to 19 years old , and then for another 90 days if the company institutes a specific training program for the newcomers .	1	are	new workers	up to 19 years old
Employers could also pay a subminimum '' training wage '' for 90 days to new workers who are up to 19 years old , and then for another 90 days if the company institutes a specific training program for the newcomers .	1	could also pay	Employers	a subminimum '' training wage '' for 90 days to new workers
Ever since , the remaining members have been desperate for the United States to rejoin this dreadful group .	1	have been	the remaining members	desperate for the United States to rejoin this dreadful group
Ever since , the remaining members have been desperate for the United States to rejoin this dreadful group .	1	to rejoin	the United States	this dreadful group
Feeling the naggings of a culture imperative , I promptly signed up .	1	signed up	I	 
Feeling the naggings of a culture imperative , I promptly signed up .	1	Feeling	 	the naggings of a culture imperative
Few people in the advertising business have raised as many hackles as Alvin A. Achenbaum .	1	have raised	Few people in the advertising business	as many hackles as Alvin A. Achenbaum
Finally , Mitsubishi Estate has no plans to interfere with Rockefeller 's management beyond taking a place on the board .	1	has	Mitsubishi Estate	no plans to interfere with Rockefeller 's management beyond taking a place on the board
Finally , Mitsubishi Estate has no plans to interfere with Rockefeller 's management beyond taking a place on the board .	1	beyond taking	 	a place on the board
First Boston incurred millions of dollars of losses on Campeau securities it owned as well as on special securities it could n't sell .	1	incurred	First Boston	millions of dollars of losses on Campeau securities
First Boston incurred millions of dollars of losses on Campeau securities it owned as well as on special securities it could n't sell .	1	owned	Campeau	 
First Boston incurred millions of dollars of losses on Campeau securities it owned as well as on special securities it could n't sell .	1	could n't sell	special securities	 
For example , a passenger can fly from Chardon , Neb. , to Denver for as little as $ 89 to $ 109 , according to prices quoted by the company .	1	quoted	prices	by the company
For example , a passenger can fly from Chardon , Neb. , to Denver for as little as $ 89 to $ 109 , according to prices quoted by the company .	1	can fly	a passenger	from Chardon
For the past five years , unions have n't managed to win wage increases as large as those granted to nonunion workers .	1	have n't managed to win	unions	to win wage increases as large as those
For the past five years , unions have n't managed to win wage increases as large as those granted to nonunion workers .	1	granted	those	to nonunion workers
For the record , Jeffrey Kaufman , an attorney for Fireman 's Fund , said he was '' rattled -- both literally and figuratively . ''	1	said	Jeffrey Kaufman	he was '' rattled -- both literally and figuratively
For the record , Jeffrey Kaufman , an attorney for Fireman 's Fund , said he was '' rattled -- both literally and figuratively . ''	1	was '' rattled	he	 
Ford Motor Co. said it is recalling about 3,600 of its 1990 - model Escorts because the windshield adhesive was improperly applied to some cars .	1	said	Ford Motor Co.	it is recalling about 3,600 of its 1990 - model Escorts because the windshield adhesive was improperly applied to some
Ford Motor Co. said it is recalling about 3,600 of its 1990 - model Escorts because the windshield adhesive was improperly applied to some cars .	1	was improperly applied	the windshield adhesive	to some cars
Ford Motor Co. said it is recalling about 3,600 of its 1990 - model Escorts because the windshield adhesive was improperly applied to some cars .	1	is recalling	it	about 3,600 of its 1990 - model Escorts because the windshield adhesive was improperly applied to some cars
Fraser & Neave , which also has interests in packaging , beer and dairy products , holds the Coke licenses for Malaysia and Brunei , where per - capita consumption is n't as high as in Singapore .	1	has	Fraser & Neave	interests in packaging , beer and dairy products
Fraser & Neave , which also has interests in packaging , beer and dairy products , holds the Coke licenses for Malaysia and Brunei , where per - capita consumption is n't as high as in Singapore .	1	holds	Fraser & Neave	the Coke licenses for Malaysia and Brunei
Fraser & Neave , which also has interests in packaging , beer and dairy products , holds the Coke licenses for Malaysia and Brunei , where per - capita consumption is n't as high as in Singapore .	1	is n't	per - capita consumption	as high as in Singapore
Hani Zayadi was appointed president and chief executive officer of this financially troubled department store chain , effective Nov. 15 , succeeding Frank Robertson , who is retiring early .	1	was appointed	Hani Zayadi	president and chief executive officer of this financially troubled department store chain
Hani Zayadi was appointed president and chief executive officer of this financially troubled department store chain , effective Nov. 15 , succeeding Frank Robertson , who is retiring early .	1	is retiring	Frank Robertson	early
Hani Zayadi was appointed president and chief executive officer of this financially troubled department store chain , effective Nov. 15 , succeeding Frank Robertson , who is retiring early .	1	succeeding	Hani Zayadi was appointed president and chief executive officer of this financially troubled department store chain	Frank Robertson
He also contended that the plaintiffs failed to cite any legal authority that would justify such an injunction .	1	contended	He	that the plaintiffs failed to cite any legal authority
He also contended that the plaintiffs failed to cite any legal authority that would justify such an injunction .	1	failed	the plaintiffs	to cite any legal authority that
He also contended that the plaintiffs failed to cite any legal authority that would justify such an injunction .	1	would justify	any legal authority	such an injunction
He also unfortunately illustrated this intricate , jazzy tapestry with Mr. Pearson 's images , this time of geometric or repeating objects , in a kitschy mirroring of the musical structure that was thoroughly distracting from Mr. Reich 's piece and Mr. Stoltzman 's elegant execution of it .	1	illustrated	He	this intricate , jazzy tapestry with Mr. Pearson 's images
He also unfortunately illustrated this intricate , jazzy tapestry with Mr. Pearson 's images , this time of geometric or repeating objects , in a kitschy mirroring of the musical structure that was thoroughly distracting from Mr. Reich 's piece and Mr. Stoltzman 's elegant execution of it .	1	was thoroughly distracting	the musical structure	from Mr. Reich 's piece and Mr. Stoltzman 's elegant execution of it
He discovered a 75 - cent discrepancy in the charges made to various departments for computer time and traced it to a user named '' Hunter , '' who had no valid billing address .	1	discovered	He	a 75 - cent discrepancy in the charges
He discovered a 75 - cent discrepancy in the charges made to various departments for computer time and traced it to a user named '' Hunter , '' who had no valid billing address .	1	traced	He	it to a user
He discovered a 75 - cent discrepancy in the charges made to various departments for computer time and traced it to a user named '' Hunter , '' who had no valid billing address .	1	had	a user	no valid billing address
He discovered a 75 - cent discrepancy in the charges made to various departments for computer time and traced it to a user named '' Hunter , '' who had no valid billing address .	1	made	the charges	to various departments for computer time
He has n't been able to replace the M'Bow cabal .	1	has n't been	He	able to replace the M'Bow cabal
He has n't been able to replace the M'Bow cabal .	1	to replace	He	the M'Bow cabal
He said he expects the company to have $ 500 million in sales for this year .	1	said	He	he expects the company to have $ 500 million in sales for this year
He said he expects the company to have $ 500 million in sales for this year .	1	expects	he	the company to have $ 500 million in sales for this year
He sold them well below market value to raise cash '' to pay off mounting credit - card debts , '' incurred to buy presents for his girlfriend , his attorney , Philip Russell , told IFAR .	1	sold	He	them well below market value to raise cash
He sold them well below market value to raise cash '' to pay off mounting credit - card debts , '' incurred to buy presents for his girlfriend , his attorney , Philip Russell , told IFAR .	1	told	his attorney	IFAR
He sold them well below market value to raise cash '' to pay off mounting credit - card debts , '' incurred to buy presents for his girlfriend , his attorney , Philip Russell , told IFAR .	1	incurred	mounting credit - card debts	to buy presents for his girlfriend
He sold them well below market value to raise cash '' to pay off mounting credit - card debts , '' incurred to buy presents for his girlfriend , his attorney , Philip Russell , told IFAR .	1	to pay off	He	mounting credit - card debts
Her recent report classifies the stock as a '' hold . ''	1	classifies	Her recent report	the stock as a '' hold
Here are price trends on the world 's major stock markets , as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International Perspective , Geneva .	1	are	Here	price trends on the world 's major stock markets
Here are price trends on the world 's major stock markets , as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International Perspective , Geneva .	1	calculated	price trends on the world 's major stock markets	by Morgan Stanley Capital International Perspective
However , StatesWest is n't abandoning its pursuit of the much - larger Mesa .	1	is n't abandoning	StatesWest	its pursuit of the much - larger Mesa
However , a Canadian Embassy official in Tel Aviv said that Canada was unlikely to sell the Candu heavy - water reactor to Israel since Israel has n't signed the Nuclear Non - Proliferation Treaty .	1	said	a Canadian Embassy official in Tel Aviv	that Canada was unlikely to sell the Candu heavy - water reactor to Israel
However , a Canadian Embassy official in Tel Aviv said that Canada was unlikely to sell the Candu heavy - water reactor to Israel since Israel has n't signed the Nuclear Non - Proliferation Treaty .	1	was	Canada	unlikely to sell the Candu heavy - water reactor to Israel
However , a Canadian Embassy official in Tel Aviv said that Canada was unlikely to sell the Candu heavy - water reactor to Israel since Israel has n't signed the Nuclear Non - Proliferation Treaty .	1	has n't signed	Israel	the Nuclear Non - Proliferation Treaty
However , the problem is that once most poison pills are adopted , they survive forever .	1	is	the problem	that once most poison pills are adopted , they survive forever
However , the problem is that once most poison pills are adopted , they survive forever .	1	are adopted	most poison pills	 
However , the problem is that once most poison pills are adopted , they survive forever .	1	survive	they	forever
Humana contends that $ 8,000 represents an extreme case and that its regular charge for lithotripsy is $ 4,900 .	1	contends	Humana	that $ 8,000 represents an extreme case and that its regular charge for lithotripsy is $ 4,900
Humana contends that $ 8,000 represents an extreme case and that its regular charge for lithotripsy is $ 4,900 .	1	represents	$ 8,000	an extreme case
Humana contends that $ 8,000 represents an extreme case and that its regular charge for lithotripsy is $ 4,900 .	1	is	its regular charge for lithotripsy	$ 4,900
Hungary 's Parliament voted to hold a national referendum on an election to fill the new post of president .	1	voted to hold	Hungary 's Parliament	a national referendum on an election
Hungary 's Parliament voted to hold a national referendum on an election to fill the new post of president .	1	to fill	an election	the new post of president
I do n't think that is the case . ''	1	is	that	the case
I do n't think that is the case . ''	1	do n't think	I	that is the case
I was pleased to note that your Oct. 23 Centennial Journal item recognized the money - fund concept as one of the significant events of the past century .	1	was	I	pleased to note that your Oct. 23 Centennial Journal item recognized the money - fund concept as one of the significant events of the past century
I was pleased to note that your Oct. 23 Centennial Journal item recognized the money - fund concept as one of the significant events of the past century .	1	recognized	your Oct. 23 Centennial Journal item	the money - fund concept as one of the significant events of the past century
If there 's something ' weird and it do n't look good .	1	's	there	something ' weird and
If there 's something ' weird and it do n't look good .	1	do n't look	it	good
In 1988 , a year and a half after Mrs. Marcos and her late husband , Ferdinand Marcos , the ousted president of the Philippines , fled the Philippines for Hawaii , they were charged with racketeering , conspiracy , obstruction of justice and mail fraud in a scheme in which they allegedly embezzled more than $ 100 million from their homeland .	1	fled	Mrs. Marcos and her late husband	the Philippines for
In 1988 , a year and a half after Mrs. Marcos and her late husband , Ferdinand Marcos , the ousted president of the Philippines , fled the Philippines for Hawaii , they were charged with racketeering , conspiracy , obstruction of justice and mail fraud in a scheme in which they allegedly embezzled more than $ 100 million from their homeland .	1	were charged	they	with racketeering , conspiracy , obstruction of justice and mail fraud in a scheme
In 1988 , a year and a half after Mrs. Marcos and her late husband , Ferdinand Marcos , the ousted president of the Philippines , fled the Philippines for Hawaii , they were charged with racketeering , conspiracy , obstruction of justice and mail fraud in a scheme in which they allegedly embezzled more than $ 100 million from their homeland .	1	allegedly embezzled	they	more than $ 100 million from their homeland
In 1988 , a year and a half after Mrs. Marcos and her late husband , Ferdinand Marcos , the ousted president of the Philippines , fled the Philippines for Hawaii , they were charged with racketeering , conspiracy , obstruction of justice and mail fraud in a scheme in which they allegedly embezzled more than $ 100 million from their homeland .	1	ousted	Mrs. Marcos and her late husband	president of the Philippines
In Japan , those functions account for only about a third of the software market .	1	account	those functions	for only about a third of the software market
In recent testimony on Capitol Hill , Treasury officials said they were considering the new reporting requirements , and the expected publication of the proposal in the Federal Register today is the first official step toward creating final regulations .	1	said	Treasury officials	they were considering the new reporting requirements
In recent testimony on Capitol Hill , Treasury officials said they were considering the new reporting requirements , and the expected publication of the proposal in the Federal Register today is the first official step toward creating final regulations .	1	were considering	they	the new reporting requirements
In recent testimony on Capitol Hill , Treasury officials said they were considering the new reporting requirements , and the expected publication of the proposal in the Federal Register today is the first official step toward creating final regulations .	1	is	the expected publication of the proposal in the Federal Register today	the first official step toward creating final regulations
In recent testimony on Capitol Hill , Treasury officials said they were considering the new reporting requirements , and the expected publication of the proposal in the Federal Register today is the first official step toward creating final regulations .	1	expected	the	publication of the proposal in the Federal Register today
In the U.S. , more than half the PC software sold is either for spreadsheets or for database analysis , according to Lotus .	1	according	more than half the PC software sold	to Lotus
In the corporate market , an expected debt offering today by International Business Machines Corp. generated considerable attention .	1	generated	an expected debt offering today by International Business Machines Corp.	considerable attention
In the first nine months , profit rose 10 % to $ 313.2 million , or $ 3.89 a share , from $ 283.9 million , or $ 3.53 a share .	1	rose	profit	10 % to $ 313.2 million
Indeed , the insurance adjusters had already bolted out of the courtroom .	1	had already bolted	the insurance adjusters	out of the courtroom
Industrial Bank of Japan , which claims to be the biggest Japanese buyer of U.S. mortgage securities , says it will more than double its purchases this year , to an amount one official puts at several billion dollars .	1	claims	Industrial Bank of Japan	to be the biggest Japanese buyer of U.S. mortgage securities
Industrial Bank of Japan , which claims to be the biggest Japanese buyer of U.S. mortgage securities , says it will more than double its purchases this year , to an amount one official puts at several billion dollars .	1	says	Industrial Bank of Japan	it will more than double its purchases this year , to an amount
Industrial Bank of Japan , which claims to be the biggest Japanese buyer of U.S. mortgage securities , says it will more than double its purchases this year , to an amount one official puts at several billion dollars .	1	puts	one official	at several billion dollars
Industrial Bank of Japan , which claims to be the biggest Japanese buyer of U.S. mortgage securities , says it will more than double its purchases this year , to an amount one official puts at several billion dollars .	1	will more than	it	double its purchases this year
It came in London 's '' Big Bang '' 1986 deregulation ; and Toronto 's '' Little Bang '' the same year .	1	came	It	in London 's '' Big Bang '' 1986 deregulation
It rose 4.8 % for the 12 months ended in June and 4.7 % in the 12 months ended in September 1988 .	1	rose	It	4.8 % for
It rose 4.8 % for the 12 months ended in June and 4.7 % in the 12 months ended in September 1988 .	1	ended	the 12 months	in September 1988
It rose 4.8 % for the 12 months ended in June and 4.7 % in the 12 months ended in September 1988 .	1	ended	4.7 % in the 12 months	in September 1988
It said CS First Boston '' has consistently been one of the most aggressive firms in merchant banking '' and that '' a very significant portion '' of the firm 's profit in recent years has come from merchant banking - related business .	1	said	It	CS First Boston '' has consistently been one of the most aggressive firms in merchant banking '' and that '' a very significant portion '' of the firm 's profit in recent years has come from merchant banking - related business
It said CS First Boston '' has consistently been one of the most aggressive firms in merchant banking '' and that '' a very significant portion '' of the firm 's profit in recent years has come from merchant banking - related business .	1	has consistently been	CS First Boston	one of the most aggressive firms in merchant banking
It said CS First Boston '' has consistently been one of the most aggressive firms in merchant banking '' and that '' a very significant portion '' of the firm 's profit in recent years has come from merchant banking - related business .	1	has come	a very significant portion '' of the firm 's profit in recent years	from merchant banking - related business
It said CS First Boston '' has consistently been one of the most aggressive firms in merchant banking '' and that '' a very significant portion '' of the firm 's profit in recent years has come from merchant banking - related business .	1	has come	a very significant portion '' of the firm 's profit in recent years	from merchant banking - related business
It surged 2 3\/4 to 6 on volume of more than 1.7 million shares after the company agreed to be acquired by Japan 's Chugai Pharmaceutical for about $ 110 million -- almost double the market price of Gen - Probe 's stock .	1	surged	It	2 3\/4 to 6 on volume of more than 1.7 million shares after the company agreed to be acquired by Japan 's Chugai Pharmaceutical for about $ 110 million
It surged 2 3\/4 to 6 on volume of more than 1.7 million shares after the company agreed to be acquired by Japan 's Chugai Pharmaceutical for about $ 110 million -- almost double the market price of Gen - Probe 's stock .	1	agreed	the company	to be acquired by Japan 's Chugai Pharmaceutical for about $ 110 million
It was the most active of the 100 - share index at 8.3 million shares , 6.5 million of which were traded by midday .	1	was	It	the most active of the 100 - share index at 8.3 million shares
It was the most active of the 100 - share index at 8.3 million shares , 6.5 million of which were traded by midday .	1	were traded	6.5	by midday
Jaguar 's own defenses against a hostile bid are weakened , analysts add , because fewer than 3 % of its shares are owned by employees and management .	1	are weakened	Jaguar 's own defenses against a hostile bid	 
Jaguar 's own defenses against a hostile bid are weakened , analysts add , because fewer than 3 % of its shares are owned by employees and management .	1	add	analysts	because fewer than 3 % of its shares are owned by employees and management
Jaguar 's own defenses against a hostile bid are weakened , analysts add , because fewer than 3 % of its shares are owned by employees and management .	1	are owned	fewer than 3 % of its shares	by employees and management
Japanese office workers use PCs at half the rate of their European counterparts and one - third that of the Americans .	1	use	Japanese office workers	PCs at half the rate of their European counterparts and one - third that of the Americans
Keeping the Japanese happy will be one of the most important tasks facing conservative leader Ernesto Ruffo when he takes office Nov. 1 , as the first opposition governor in Mexico 's modern history .	1	takes	he	office Nov. 1
Keeping the Japanese happy will be one of the most important tasks facing conservative leader Ernesto Ruffo when he takes office Nov. 1 , as the first opposition governor in Mexico 's modern history .	1	Keeping	 	the Japanese happy
Keeping the Japanese happy will be one of the most important tasks facing conservative leader Ernesto Ruffo when he takes office Nov. 1 , as the first opposition governor in Mexico 's modern history .	1	facing	the most important tasks	conservative leader Ernesto Ruffo when he takes office Nov. 1
Keeping the Japanese happy will be one of the most important tasks facing conservative leader Ernesto Ruffo when he takes office Nov. 1 , as the first opposition governor in Mexico 's modern history .	1	will be	Keeping the Japanese happy	one of the most important tasks
Labor costs are climbing at a far more rapid pace in the health care industry than in other industries .	1	are climbing	Labor costs	at a far more rapid pace in the health care industry than in other industries
Meanwhile , at home , Mitsubishi has control of some major projects .	1	has	Mitsubishi	control of some major projects
Medical cooperatives , among the most successful in the U.S.S.R. , are banned from providing general - practitioner services ( their main source of income ) , carrying out surgery , and treating cancer patients , drug addicts and pregnant women .	1	are banned	Medical cooperatives , among the most successful in the U.S.S.R.	from providing general - practitioner services ( their main source of income ) , carrying out surgery
Medical cooperatives , among the most successful in the U.S.S.R. , are banned from providing general - practitioner services ( their main source of income ) , carrying out surgery , and treating cancer patients , drug addicts and pregnant women .	1	carrying out	Medical cooperatives , among the most successful in the U.S.S.R.	surgery
Medical cooperatives , among the most successful in the U.S.S.R. , are banned from providing general - practitioner services ( their main source of income ) , carrying out surgery , and treating cancer patients , drug addicts and pregnant women .	1	treating	Medical cooperatives , among the most successful in the U.S.S.R.	cancer patients , drug addicts and pregnant women
Merrill said it continues to believe that '' the causes of excess market volatility are far more complex than any particular computer trading strategy .	1	said	Merrill	it continues to believe that '' the causes of excess market volatility are far more complex than any particular computer trading strategy
Merrill said it continues to believe that '' the causes of excess market volatility are far more complex than any particular computer trading strategy .	1	continues	it	to believe that '' the causes of excess market volatility are far more complex than any particular computer trading strategy
Merrill said it continues to believe that '' the causes of excess market volatility are far more complex than any particular computer trading strategy .	1	are	the causes of excess market volatility	far more complex than any particular computer trading strategy
Metromedia , headed by John W. Kluge , has interests in telecommunications , robotic painting , computer software , restaurants and entertainment .	1	has	Metromedia	interests in telecommunications , robotic painting , computer software , restaurants and entertainment
Metromedia , headed by John W. Kluge , has interests in telecommunications , robotic painting , computer software , restaurants and entertainment .	1	headed	Metromedia	by John W. Kluge
Milk sold to the nation 's dairy plants and dealers averaged $ 14.50 for each hundred pounds , up 50 cents from September and up $ 1.50 from October 1988 , the department said .	1	averaged	Milk sold to the nation 's dairy plants and dealers	$ 14.50 for each hundred
Milk sold to the nation 's dairy plants and dealers averaged $ 14.50 for each hundred pounds , up 50 cents from September and up $ 1.50 from October 1988 , the department said .	1	said	the department	 
Milk sold to the nation 's dairy plants and dealers averaged $ 14.50 for each hundred pounds , up 50 cents from September and up $ 1.50 from October 1988 , the department said .	1	sold	Milk	to the nation 's dairy plants and dealers
Most yields on short - term jumbo CDs , those with denominations over $ 90,000 , also moved in the opposite direction of Treasury bill yields .	1	moved	short - term jumbo CDs	in the opposite direction of Treasury bill yields
Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters also almost certainly would n't be able to participate in future sequels to '' Batman , '' the blockbuster hit they produced for Warner .	1	hit	the blockbuster	they produced for Warner
Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters also almost certainly would n't be able to participate in future sequels to '' Batman , '' the blockbuster hit they produced for Warner .	1	almost certainly would n't be	Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters	able to participate in future sequels to '' Batman
Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters also almost certainly would n't be able to participate in future sequels to '' Batman , '' the blockbuster hit they produced for Warner .	1	to participate	Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters	in future sequels to '' Batman
Mr. Mulford said reports of tension between the Treasury and Fed have been exaggerated , insisting that they involved '' nuances . ''	1	said	Mr. Mulford	reports of tension between the Treasury and Fed have been exaggerated
Mr. Mulford said reports of tension between the Treasury and Fed have been exaggerated , insisting that they involved '' nuances . ''	1	involved	they	nuances
Mr. Mulford said reports of tension between the Treasury and Fed have been exaggerated , insisting that they involved '' nuances . ''	1	have been exaggerated	reports of tension between the Treasury and Fed	 
Mr. Phelan is an adroit diplomat who normally appears to be solidly in control of the Big Board 's factions .	1	is	Mr. Phelan	an adroit diplomat who normally appears to be solidly in control of the Big Board 's factions
Mr. Phelan is an adroit diplomat who normally appears to be solidly in control of the Big Board 's factions .	1	normally	an adroit diplomat	's factions
Mr. Ridley 's decision fires the starting pistol for perhaps a costly contest between the world 's auto giants for Britain 's leading luxury - car maker .	1	fires	Mr. Ridley 's decision	the starting pistol for perhaps a costly contest between the world 's auto giants for Britain 's leading luxury - car maker
Mr. Ridley 's decision fires the starting pistol for perhaps a costly contest between the world 's auto giants for Britain 's leading luxury - car maker .	1	leading	Britain 's	luxury - car maker
Mr. Rifenburgh said the board still has n't acted on most of the internal report 's recommendations , pending restatement of the balance sheet .	1	said	Mr. Rifenburgh	the board still has n't acted on most of the internal report 's recommendations , pending restatement of the balance sheet
Mr. Rifenburgh said the board still has n't acted on most of the internal report 's recommendations , pending restatement of the balance sheet .	1	has n't acted	the board	on most of the internal report 's recommendations
Mr. Rifenburgh said the board still has n't acted on most of the internal report 's recommendations , pending restatement of the balance sheet .	1	pending	the board	restatement of the balance sheet
Mr. Stoll suspected the intruder was one of those precocious students who has fun breaking into computers .	1	suspected	Mr. Stoll	the intruder was one of those precocious students
Mr. Stoll suspected the intruder was one of those precocious students who has fun breaking into computers .	1	was	the intruder	one of those precocious students
Mr. Stoll suspected the intruder was one of those precocious students who has fun breaking into computers .	1	has	those precocious students	fun breaking into computers
Mr. Wathen , who says Pinkerton 's had a loss of nearly $ 8 million in 1987 under American Brands , boasts that he 's made Pinkerton 's profitable again .	1	had	Pinkerton 's	a loss of nearly $ 8 million in 1987 under American Brands
Mr. Wathen , who says Pinkerton 's had a loss of nearly $ 8 million in 1987 under American Brands , boasts that he 's made Pinkerton 's profitable again .	1	says	Mr. Wathen	Pinkerton 's had a loss of nearly $ 8 million in 1987 under American Brands
Mr. Wathen , who says Pinkerton 's had a loss of nearly $ 8 million in 1987 under American Brands , boasts that he 's made Pinkerton 's profitable again .	1	boasts	Mr. Wathen	that he 's made Pinkerton 's profitable again
Mr. Wathen , who says Pinkerton 's had a loss of nearly $ 8 million in 1987 under American Brands , boasts that he 's made Pinkerton 's profitable again .	1	's made	he	Pinkerton 's profitable again
Mr. Zayadi was previously president and chief operating officer of Zellers Inc. , a retail chain that is owned by Toronto - based Hudson 's Bay Co. , Canada 's largest department store operator .	1	was	Mr. Zayadi	previously president and chief operating officer of Zellers Inc.
Mr. Zayadi was previously president and chief operating officer of Zellers Inc. , a retail chain that is owned by Toronto - based Hudson 's Bay Co. , Canada 's largest department store operator .	1	is owned	a retail	by Toronto - based Hudson 's Bay Co.
Mr. Zayadi was previously president and chief operating officer of Zellers Inc. , a retail chain that is owned by Toronto - based Hudson 's Bay Co. , Canada 's largest department store operator .	1	is	a retail chain that is owned by Toronto -	
Mrs. Marcos 's trial is expected to begin in March .	1	is expected	Mrs. Marcos 's trial	 
Mrs. Marcos has n't admitted that she filed any documents such as those sought by the government .	1	filed	she	any documents such as those
Mrs. Marcos has n't admitted that she filed any documents such as those sought by the government .	1	has n't admitted	Mrs. Marcos	that she filed any documents such as those
Mrs. Marcos has n't admitted that she filed any documents such as those sought by the government .	1	sought	those	by the government
Nixon , on the fourth day of a private visit to China , said that damage to Sino - U.S. relations was '' very great , '' calling the situation '' the most serious '' since 1972 .	1	said	Nixon	that damage to Sino - U.S. relations was '' very great , '' calling the
Nixon , on the fourth day of a private visit to China , said that damage to Sino - U.S. relations was '' very great , '' calling the situation '' the most serious '' since 1972 .	1	was	damage to Sino - U.S. relations	very great
Nixon , on the fourth day of a private visit to China , said that damage to Sino - U.S. relations was '' very great , '' calling the situation '' the most serious '' since 1972 .	1	calling	damage to Sino - U.S. relations	the situation
Norris McLaughlin is a general - practice firm that has expanded recently into such specialties as banking , labor and environmental work .	1	is	Norris McLaughlin	a general - practice firm that has expanded recently into such specialties as banking , labor and environmental work
Norris McLaughlin is a general - practice firm that has expanded recently into such specialties as banking , labor and environmental work .	1	has expanded	a general - practice firm	recently into such specialties as banking , labor and environmental work
Now Mr. Broberg , a lawyer , claims he 'd play for free .	1	'd play	he	for free
Now Mr. Broberg , a lawyer , claims he 'd play for free .	1	claims	Mr. Broberg	he 'd play for free
Now that the New York decision has been left intact , other states may follow suit .	1	has been left	the New York decision	intact
Now that the New York decision has been left intact , other states may follow suit .	1	may follow	other states	suit
Of the self - starting vacuum cleaner , he says : '' Could be Cuddles , { Mrs. Stinnett 's dog } . ''	1	says	he	Could be Cuddles
Of the self - starting vacuum cleaner , he says : '' Could be Cuddles , { Mrs. Stinnett 's dog } . ''	1	-	the self	vacuum cleaner
Of the self - starting vacuum cleaner , he says : '' Could be Cuddles , { Mrs. Stinnett 's dog } . ''	1	Could be	he	Cuddles
On a broader scale , the ruling could encourage other states ' courts to adopt the logic of the New York court , not only in DES cases but in other product - related lawsuits , as well .	1	related lawsuits , as well	 	 
On a broader scale , the ruling could encourage other states ' courts to adopt the logic of the New York court , not only in DES cases but in other product - related lawsuits , as well .	1	could encourage	the ruling	other states ' courts to adopt the logic of the New York court , not only in DES cases but in other product - related lawsuits , as well
On a broader scale , the ruling could encourage other states ' courts to adopt the logic of the New York court , not only in DES cases but in other product - related lawsuits , as well .	1	to adopt	other states ' courts	the logic of the New York court
On a recent afternoon , Mr. Baker and a reporter go ghost - busting , visiting Kathleen Stinnett , a Lexington woman who has phoned the University of Kentucky to report mysterious happenings in her house .	1	has phoned	a Lexington woman	the University of Kentucky to report mysterious happenings in her house
On a recent afternoon , Mr. Baker and a reporter go ghost - busting , visiting Kathleen Stinnett , a Lexington woman who has phoned the University of Kentucky to report mysterious happenings in her house .	1	go	Mr. Baker and a reporter	ghost - busting
On a recent afternoon , Mr. Baker and a reporter go ghost - busting , visiting Kathleen Stinnett , a Lexington woman who has phoned the University of Kentucky to report mysterious happenings in her house .	1	visiting	Mr. Baker and a reporter	Kathleen Stinnett
On a recent afternoon , Mr. Baker and a reporter go ghost - busting , visiting Kathleen Stinnett , a Lexington woman who has phoned the University of Kentucky to report mysterious happenings in her house .	1	to report	the University of Kentucky	mysterious happenings in her house
One had best not dance on top of a coffin until the lid is sealed tightly shut . ''	1	had	One	best not dance on top of a coffin until the lid is sealed tightly shut
One had best not dance on top of a coffin until the lid is sealed tightly shut . ''	1	is sealed	the lid	 
Only his factories in Japan and Korea , employing his followers at subsistence wages and producing everything from rifles to ginseng to expensive marble vases , kept the money flowing westward .	1	kept	Only his factories in Japan and Korea	the money flowing westward
Only his factories in Japan and Korea , employing his followers at subsistence wages and producing everything from rifles to ginseng to expensive marble vases , kept the money flowing westward .	1	employing	Only his factories in Japan and Korea	his followers at subsistence wages
Only his factories in Japan and Korea , employing his followers at subsistence wages and producing everything from rifles to ginseng to expensive marble vases , kept the money flowing westward .	1	producing	Only his factories in Japan and Korea	everything from rifles to ginseng to expensive marble vases
Only when one is ascending -- or in our case descending a tad trop rapidement -- does one feel , well , airborne in a picnic basket .	1	is ascending	one	 
Only when one is ascending -- or in our case descending a tad trop rapidement -- does one feel , well , airborne in a picnic basket .	1	does	one is ascending -- or in our case	one feel , well , airborne in a picnic basket
Only when one is ascending -- or in our case descending a tad trop rapidement -- does one feel , well , airborne in a picnic basket .	1	descending	our case	a tad trop rapidement
Osamu Nagayama , deputy president of Chugai , which spends about 15 % of its sales on research and development , was unable to pinpoint how much money Chugai would pump into Gen - Probe .	1	was	Osamu Nagayama	unable to pinpoint how much money Chugai would pump into Gen - Probe
Osamu Nagayama , deputy president of Chugai , which spends about 15 % of its sales on research and development , was unable to pinpoint how much money Chugai would pump into Gen - Probe .	1	spends	Chugai	about 15 % of its sales on research and development
Osamu Nagayama , deputy president of Chugai , which spends about 15 % of its sales on research and development , was unable to pinpoint how much money Chugai would pump into Gen - Probe .	1	would pump	 	into Gen - Probe
Overall , net sales of all mutual funds , excluding money market funds , fell to $ 1.9 billion in September from $ 4.2 billion in August , the trade group said .	1	fell	net sales of all mutual funds , excluding money market funds	to $ 1.9 billion in September from $ 4.2 billion in August
Overall , net sales of all mutual funds , excluding money market funds , fell to $ 1.9 billion in September from $ 4.2 billion in August , the trade group said .	1	said	the trade group	 
Overall , net sales of all mutual funds , excluding money market funds , fell to $ 1.9 billion in September from $ 4.2 billion in August , the trade group said .	1	excluding	net sales of all mutual funds	money market funds
Panhandle Eastern Corp. said it applied , on behalf of two of its subsidiaries , to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission for permission to build a 352 - mile , $ 273 million pipeline system from Pittsburg County , Okla. , to Independence , Miss .	1	said	Panhandle Eastern Corp.	it applied , on behalf of two of its subsidiaries , to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission for permission to build a 352 - mile , $ 273 million pipeline system from Pittsburg County , Okla. , to Independence
Panhandle Eastern Corp. said it applied , on behalf of two of its subsidiaries , to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission for permission to build a 352 - mile , $ 273 million pipeline system from Pittsburg County , Okla. , to Independence , Miss .	1	applied	it	two of its subsidiaries , to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission for permission
Panhandle Eastern Corp. said it applied , on behalf of two of its subsidiaries , to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission for permission to build a 352 - mile , $ 273 million pipeline system from Pittsburg County , Okla. , to Independence , Miss .	1	to build	permission	a 352 - mile , $ 273 million pipeline system from Pittsburg County , Okla. , to Independence
Pennzoil 's poison pill covers five years in order to give current management enough time to put these proceeds to work in a prudent manner .	1	covers	Pennzoil 's poison pill	five years in order
Pennzoil 's poison pill covers five years in order to give current management enough time to put these proceeds to work in a prudent manner .	1	to give	Pennzoil 's poison pill	current management enough time to put these proceeds to work in a prudent manner
Pennzoil 's poison pill covers five years in order to give current management enough time to put these proceeds to work in a prudent manner .	1	to put	current management enough time	these proceeds to work in a prudent manner
Pennzoil 's poison pill covers five years in order to give current management enough time to put these proceeds to work in a prudent manner .	1	to work	these proceeds	in a prudent manner
Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew , Singapore 's leader and one of Asia 's leading statesmen for 30 years , recently announced his intention to retire next year -- though not necessarily to end his influence .	1	announced	Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew	his intention to retire next year
Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew , Singapore 's leader and one of Asia 's leading statesmen for 30 years , recently announced his intention to retire next year -- though not necessarily to end his influence .	1	to end	Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew	his influence
Procter & Gamble Co. recently introduced refillable versions of four products , including Tide and Mr. Clean , in Canada , but does n't plan to bring them to the U.S. .	1	introduced	Procter & Gamble Co.	refillable versions of four products , including Tide and Mr. Clean , in Canada
Procter & Gamble Co. recently introduced refillable versions of four products , including Tide and Mr. Clean , in Canada , but does n't plan to bring them to the U.S. .	1	does n't plan to	Procter & Gamble Co.	bring them to the U.S.
Procter & Gamble Co. recently introduced refillable versions of four products , including Tide and Mr. Clean , in Canada , but does n't plan to bring them to the U.S. .	1	including	Procter & Gamble Co.	Tide and Mr. Clean , in Canada
RISC technology speeds up a computer by simplifying the internal software .	1	speeds up	RISC technology	a computer
RISC technology speeds up a computer by simplifying the internal software .	1	by simplifying	RISC technology	the internal software
Rather ominously , rabbit studies reveal that RU - 486 can cause birth defects , Lancet , the British medical journal , reported in 1987 .	1	reveal	rabbit studies	that RU - 486 can cause birth defects
Rather ominously , rabbit studies reveal that RU - 486 can cause birth defects , Lancet , the British medical journal , reported in 1987 .	1	reported	Lancet	in 1987
Rather ominously , rabbit studies reveal that RU - 486 can cause birth defects , Lancet , the British medical journal , reported in 1987 .	1	can cause	RU - 486	birth defects
Repeat customers also can purchase luxury items at reduced prices .	1	can purchase	Repeat customers	luxury items at reduced prices
Richard Newsom , a California state official who last year examined Lincoln 's parent , American Continental Corp. , said he also saw evidence that crimes had been committed .	1	examined	a California state official	Lincoln 's parent
Richard Newsom , a California state official who last year examined Lincoln 's parent , American Continental Corp. , said he also saw evidence that crimes had been committed .	1	said	Richard Newsom	he also saw evidence that crimes had been committed
Richard Newsom , a California state official who last year examined Lincoln 's parent , American Continental Corp. , said he also saw evidence that crimes had been committed .	1	saw	he	evidence that crimes had been committed
Richard Newsom , a California state official who last year examined Lincoln 's parent , American Continental Corp. , said he also saw evidence that crimes had been committed .	1	had been committed	crimes	 
Roger M. Marino , president , was named to the new post of vice chairman .	1	was named	Roger M. Marino	to the new post of vice chairman
Rolls - Royce Motor Cars Inc. said it expects its U.S. sales to remain steady at about 1,200 cars in 1990 .	1	said	Rolls - Royce Motor Cars Inc.	it expects its U.S. sales to remain steady at about 1,200 cars in 1990
Rolls - Royce Motor Cars Inc. said it expects its U.S. sales to remain steady at about 1,200 cars in 1990 .	1	expects	it	its U.S. sales to remain steady at about 1,200 cars in 1990
Rolls - Royce Motor Cars Inc. said it expects its U.S. sales to remain steady at about 1,200 cars in 1990 .	1	to remain	its U.S. sales	steady at about 1,200 cars in 1990
Ryukichi Imai , Japan 's ambassador to Mexico , agrees that Mexico may be too eager .	1	agrees	Ryukichi Imai	that Mexico may be too eager
Ryukichi Imai , Japan 's ambassador to Mexico , agrees that Mexico may be too eager .	1	may be	Ryukichi Imai	too eager
Second , the dollar is showing persistent strength despite a slowdown in the U.S. economy shown by economic indicators .	1	is showing	the dollar	persistent strength
Second , the dollar is showing persistent strength despite a slowdown in the U.S. economy shown by economic indicators .	1	shown	a slowdown in the U.S. economy	by economic indicators
Sen. Mitchell is confident he has sufficient votes to block such a measure with procedural actions .	1	is	Sen. Mitchell	confident he has sufficient votes to block such a measure with procedural actions
Sen. Mitchell is confident he has sufficient votes to block such a measure with procedural actions .	1	has	he	sufficient votes to block such a measure with procedural actions
Senate Appropriations Committee Chairman Robert Byrd ( D. , W.Va . ) strongly resisted deeper cuts sought by the House .	1	strongly resisted	Senate Appropriations Committee Chairman Robert Byrd	deeper cuts sought by the House
Separately , Ford and Mazda Motor Corp. 's U.S. sales arm said they are recalling about 88,500 1988 - model Mercury Tracers and 220,000 1986 , 1987 and 1988 model Mazda 323s equipped with 1.6 - liter fuel - injected engines to replace the oil filler cap .	1	said	Ford and Mazda Motor Corp. 's U.S. sales arm	they are recalling about 88,500 1988 - model Mercury Tracers and 220,000 1986 , 1987 and 1988 model Mazda 323s
Separately , Ford and Mazda Motor Corp. 's U.S. sales arm said they are recalling about 88,500 1988 - model Mercury Tracers and 220,000 1986 , 1987 and 1988 model Mazda 323s equipped with 1.6 - liter fuel - injected engines to replace the oil filler cap .	1	are recalling	they	about 88,500 1988 - model Mercury Tracers and 220,000 1986 , 1987 and 1988 model Mazda 323s
Separately , Ford and Mazda Motor Corp. 's U.S. sales arm said they are recalling about 88,500 1988 - model Mercury Tracers and 220,000 1986 , 1987 and 1988 model Mazda 323s equipped with 1.6 - liter fuel - injected engines to replace the oil filler cap .	1	equipped	1987 and 1988 model Mazda 323s	with 1.6 - liter fuel - injected engines to replace the oil filler cap
Shaw Industries , which agreed to acquire Armstrong World Industries ' carpet operations for an undisclosed price , rose 2 1\/4 to 26 1\/8 .	1	agreed	Shaw Industries	to acquire Armstrong World Industries ' carpet operations for an undisclosed price
Shaw Industries , which agreed to acquire Armstrong World Industries ' carpet operations for an undisclosed price , rose 2 1\/4 to 26 1\/8 .	1	rose	Shaw Industries	2 1\/4 to 26 1\/8
Sidley will maintain its association with the Hashidate Law Office in Tokyo .	1	will maintain	Sidley	its association with the Hashidate Law Office in Tokyo
Similar studies are expected to reveal how stroke patients ' brains regroup -- a first step toward finding ways to bolster that process and speed rehabilitation .	1	are expected	Similar studies	 
Similar studies are expected to reveal how stroke patients ' brains regroup -- a first step toward finding ways to bolster that process and speed rehabilitation .	1	regroup	stroke patients ' brains	 
Similar studies are expected to reveal how stroke patients ' brains regroup -- a first step toward finding ways to bolster that process and speed rehabilitation .	1	toward finding	a	ways to bolster that process and speed rehabilitation
Since the real estate unit also includes debt , the imputed value of the real estate itself is close to $ 3 billion .	1	includes	the real estate unit	debt
Since the real estate unit also includes debt , the imputed value of the real estate itself is close to $ 3 billion .	1	is	the imputed value of the real estate	close to $ 3 billion
Six years ago , Judge O'Kicki was voted president of the Pennsylvania Conference of State Trial Judges by the state 's 400 judges .	1	was voted	Judge O'Kicki	president of the Pennsylvania Conference of State Trial Judges
Sometimes , if you have a headache , you can go out and walk it right off . ''	1	have	you	a headache
Sometimes , if you have a headache , you can go out and walk it right off . ''	1	can go out	you	 
Soviets remain in charge of education programs , a former head of an African military tribunal for executions is in charge of culture , and a hard - line Polish communist in exile directs the human - rights and peace division .	1	is	a former head of an African military tribunal for executions	in charge of culture
Soviets remain in charge of education programs , a former head of an African military tribunal for executions is in charge of culture , and a hard - line Polish communist in exile directs the human - rights and peace division .	1	directs	a hard - line Polish communist in exile	the human - rights and peace division
Soviets remain in charge of education programs , a former head of an African military tribunal for executions is in charge of culture , and a hard - line Polish communist in exile directs the human - rights and peace division .	1	remain	Soviets	in charge of education programs
Standard & Poor 's 500 - Stock Index climbed 5.29 to 340.36 , the Dow Jones Equity Market Index added 4.70 to 318.79 and the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index climbed 2.65 to	1	climbed	the New York Stock Exchange	2.65
Standard & Poor 's 500 - Stock Index climbed 5.29 to 340.36 , the Dow Jones Equity Market Index added 4.70 to 318.79 and the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index climbed 2.65 to	1	added	the Dow Jones Equity Market Index	4.70 to 318.79
Standard & Poor 's 500 - Stock Index climbed 5.29 to 340.36 , the Dow Jones Equity Market Index added 4.70 to 318.79 and the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index climbed 2.65 to	1	climbed	the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index	2.65
Strong sales so far this year are certain to turn the tide , but even the 25 % market share that Nissan expects in 1989 will leave it far below its position at the beginning of the decade .	1	expects	even the 25 % market share	in 1989
Strong sales so far this year are certain to turn the tide , but even the 25 % market share that Nissan expects in 1989 will leave it far below its position at the beginning of the decade .	1	are	Strong sales so far this year	certain to turn the tide
Strong sales so far this year are certain to turn the tide , but even the 25 % market share that Nissan expects in 1989 will leave it far below its position at the beginning of the decade .	1	will leave	even the 25 % market share	it far below its position at the beginning of the decade
Student job postings at Boston University slip 10 % this year following a 10 % drop in 1988 .	1	following	 	a 10 % drop in 1988
THE CHIEF NURSING officer can be responsible for more than 1,000 employees and at least one - third of a hospital 's budget ; a head nurse typically oversees up to 80 employees and $ 8 million .	1	typically oversees	a head nurse	up to 80 employees and $ 8 million
THE CHIEF NURSING officer can be responsible for more than 1,000 employees and at least one - third of a hospital 's budget ; a head nurse typically oversees up to 80 employees and $ 8 million .	1	can be	THE CHIEF NURSING officer	responsible for more than 1,000 employees and at least one - third of a hospital 's budget
Takeover stock traders noted that with the junk - bond market in disarray , Georgia - Pacific 's bid is an indication of where the takeover game is headed : namely , industrial companies can continue bidding for one another , but financial buyers such as leveraged buy - out firms will be at a disadvantage in obtaining financing .	1	noted	Takeover stock traders	that with the junk - bond market in disarray , Georgia - Pacific 's bid is an indication of where the takeover game is headed
Takeover stock traders noted that with the junk - bond market in disarray , Georgia - Pacific 's bid is an indication of where the takeover game is headed : namely , industrial companies can continue bidding for one another , but financial buyers such as leveraged buy - out firms will be at a disadvantage in obtaining financing .	1	is	Georgia - Pacific 's bid	an indication of where the takeover game is headed
Takeover stock traders noted that with the junk - bond market in disarray , Georgia - Pacific 's bid is an indication of where the takeover game is headed : namely , industrial companies can continue bidding for one another , but financial buyers such as leveraged buy - out firms will be at a disadvantage in obtaining financing .	1	is headed	the takeover game	 
Takeover stock traders noted that with the junk - bond market in disarray , Georgia - Pacific 's bid is an indication of where the takeover game is headed : namely , industrial companies can continue bidding for one another , but financial buyers such as leveraged buy - out firms will be at a disadvantage in obtaining financing .	1	will be	financial buyers such as leveraged buy - out firms	at a disadvantage in obtaining financing
Technology stocks bore the brunt of the OTC market 's recent sell - off , and traders say it 's natural that they rebound sharply now that the market has turned around .	1	bore	Technology stocks	the brunt of the OTC market 's recent sell - off
Technology stocks bore the brunt of the OTC market 's recent sell - off , and traders say it 's natural that they rebound sharply now that the market has turned around .	1	's	it	natural that they rebound sharply now that the market has turned around
Technology stocks bore the brunt of the OTC market 's recent sell - off , and traders say it 's natural that they rebound sharply now that the market has turned around .	1	has turned around	the market	 
Technology stocks bore the brunt of the OTC market 's recent sell - off , and traders say it 's natural that they rebound sharply now that the market has turned around .	1	say	traders	it 's natural that they rebound sharply now that the market has turned around
That compares with 3.5 % butterfat for whole milk .	1	compares	That	with 3.5 % butterfat for whole milk
The $ 150 million in senior subordinated floating - rate notes were targeted to be offered at a price to float four percentage points above the three - month LIBOR .	1	were targeted	The $ 150 million in senior subordinated floating - rate notes	to be offered at a price
The $ 150 million in senior subordinated floating - rate notes were targeted to be offered at a price to float four percentage points above the three - month LIBOR .	1	be offered	 	at a price to float four percentage points
The $ 150 million in senior subordinated floating - rate notes were targeted to be offered at a price to float four percentage points above the three - month LIBOR .	1	were targeted	The $ 150 million in senior subordinated floating - rate	to be offered at a price
The $ 150 million in senior subordinated floating - rate notes were targeted to be offered at a price to float four percentage points above the three - month LIBOR .	1	to float	a price	four percentage points above the three - month LIBOR
The 41 - year - old Mr. Azoff , a former rock 'n' roll manager , is credited with turning around MCA 's once - moribund music division in his six years at the company .	1	is credited	The 41 - year - old Mr. Azoff	with turning around MCA 's once - moribund music division in his six years at the company
The Chemical spokeswoman said the bank has examined its methodologies and internal controls .	1	said	The Chemical spokeswoman	the bank has examined its methodologies and internal controls
The Chemical spokeswoman said the bank has examined its methodologies and internal controls .	1	has examined	the bank	its methodologies and internal controls
The Lone Star Steel lawsuit also asks the court to rule that Lone Star Technologies is jointly responsible for a $ 4.5 million Lone Star Steel pension payment that was due , but was n't paid , in September and that the parent company ca n't recover the amount from its subsidiary if the parent company makes the payment .	1	was	a $ 4.5 million Lone Star Steel pension payment	due
The Lone Star Steel lawsuit also asks the court to rule that Lone Star Technologies is jointly responsible for a $ 4.5 million Lone Star Steel pension payment that was due , but was n't paid , in September and that the parent company ca n't recover the amount from its subsidiary if the parent company makes the payment .	1	was n't paid	a $ 4.5 million Lone Star Steel pension payment	 
The Lone Star Steel lawsuit also asks the court to rule that Lone Star Technologies is jointly responsible for a $ 4.5 million Lone Star Steel pension payment that was due , but was n't paid , in September and that the parent company ca n't recover the amount from its subsidiary if the parent company makes the payment .	1	asks	The Lone Star Steel lawsuit	the court to rule that Lone Star Technologies is jointly responsible for a $ 4.5 million Lone Star Steel pension payment
The Lone Star Steel lawsuit also asks the court to rule that Lone Star Technologies is jointly responsible for a $ 4.5 million Lone Star Steel pension payment that was due , but was n't paid , in September and that the parent company ca n't recover the amount from its subsidiary if the parent company makes the payment .	1	is	Lone Star Technologies	jointly responsible for a $ 4.5 million Lone Star Steel pension payment
The Lone Star Steel lawsuit also asks the court to rule that Lone Star Technologies is jointly responsible for a $ 4.5 million Lone Star Steel pension payment that was due , but was n't paid , in September and that the parent company ca n't recover the amount from its subsidiary if the parent company makes the payment .	1	makes	the parent	the payment
The National Transportation Safety Board ruled that pilots failed to set the plane 's wing flaps and slats properly for takeoff and failed to make mandatory preflight checks that would have detected the error .	1	ruled	The National Transportation Safety Board	that pilots failed to set the plane 's wing flaps and slats properly for takeoff and failed to make mandatory preflight checks
The National Transportation Safety Board ruled that pilots failed to set the plane 's wing flaps and slats properly for takeoff and failed to make mandatory preflight checks that would have detected the error .	1	failed	pilots	to set the plane 's wing flaps and slats properly for takeoff and failed to make mandatory preflight checks
The National Transportation Safety Board ruled that pilots failed to set the plane 's wing flaps and slats properly for takeoff and failed to make mandatory preflight checks that would have detected the error .	1	failed to make	 	to make mandatory preflight checks
The National Transportation Safety Board ruled that pilots failed to set the plane 's wing flaps and slats properly for takeoff and failed to make mandatory preflight checks that would have detected the error .	1	would have detected	mandatory preflight checks	the error
The New Orleans oil and gas exploration and diving operations company added that it does n't expect any further adverse financial impact from the restructuring .	1	added	The New Orleans oil and gas exploration and diving operations company	that it does n't expect any further adverse financial impact from the restructuring
The New Orleans oil and gas exploration and diving operations company added that it does n't expect any further adverse financial impact from the restructuring .	1	does n't expect	it	any further adverse financial impact from the restructuring
The Second Section index , which fell 36.87 points Friday , was down 21.44 points , or 0.59 % , to close at 3636.06 .	1	fell	The Second Section index	36.87 points
The Second Section index , which fell 36.87 points Friday , was down 21.44 points , or 0.59 % , to close at 3636.06 .	1	was	The Second Section index	down 21.44 points , or 0.59 %
The Second Section index , which fell 36.87 points Friday , was down 21.44 points , or 0.59 % , to close at 3636.06 .	1	to close	The Second Section index	at 3636.06
The Soviets complicated the issue by offering to include light tanks , which are as light as 10 tons .	1	complicated the issue by offering to	The Soviets	include light tanks
The Soviets complicated the issue by offering to include light tanks , which are as light as 10 tons .	1	are	light tanks	as light as 10 tons
The Soviets complicated the issue by offering to include light tanks , which are as light as 10 tons .	1	by offering to include	The Soviets	light tanks , which are as light as 10 tons
The U.S. market , too , is dominated by a giant , International Business Machines Corp .	1	is dominated	The U.S. market	by a giant
The basket product , while it has got off to a slow start , is being supported by some big brokerage firms -- another member of Mr. Phelan 's splintered constituency .	1	has got off	it	to a slow start
The basket product , while it has got off to a slow start , is being supported by some big brokerage firms -- another member of Mr. Phelan 's splintered constituency .	1	is being supported	The basket product	by some big brokerage firms
The campaign , a patriotic celebration of the 200th anniversary of the Bill of Rights , does n't mention cigarettes or smoking ; cigarette ads have been prohibited on television since 1971 .	1	does n't mention	The campaign	cigarettes or smoking
The campaign , a patriotic celebration of the 200th anniversary of the Bill of Rights , does n't mention cigarettes or smoking ; cigarette ads have been prohibited on television since 1971 .	1	have been prohibited	cigarette ads	on television since 1971
The centerpiece of that complex , the Landmark Tower , will be Japan 's tallest building when it is completed in 1993 .	1	is completed	it	in 1993
The centerpiece of that complex , the Landmark Tower , will be Japan 's tallest building when it is completed in 1993 .	1	will be	The centerpiece of that complex	Japan 's tallest building when it is completed in 1993
The company said the fastener business '' has been under severe cost pressures for some time . ''	1	said	The company	the fastener business '' has been under severe cost pressures for some time
The company said the fastener business '' has been under severe cost pressures for some time . ''	1	has been	the fastener business	under severe cost pressures for some time
The conviction stemmed from federal charges of consumer fraud for sale of phony infant apple juice between 1978 and 1983 .	1	stemmed	The conviction	from federal charges of consumer fraud for sale of phony infant apple juice between 1978 and 1983
The discount rate on three - month Treasury bills rose slightly from the average rate at Monday 's auction to 7.79 % for a bond - equivalent yield of 8.04 % .	1	rose	The discount rate on three - month Treasury bills	slightly from the average rate at Monday 's auction to 7.79 %
The dollar drew strength from the stock market 's climb .	1	drew	The dollar	strength from the stock market 's climb
The effect is that lawsuits that might have been barred because they were filed too late could proceed because of the one - year extension .	1	were filed	they	too late
The effect is that lawsuits that might have been barred because they were filed too late could proceed because of the one - year extension .	1	is	The effect	that lawsuits that might have been barred because they were filed too late could proceed because of the one - year extension
The effect is that lawsuits that might have been barred because they were filed too late could proceed because of the one - year extension .	1	might have been barred	lawsuits	because they were filed too late could proceed because of the one
The effect is that lawsuits that might have been barred because they were filed too late could proceed because of the one - year extension .	1	could proceed	lawsuits that might have been barred because they were filed	because of the one - year extension
The executives had profited handsomely by building American National Can Co. , Triangle 's chief asset .	1	had profited handsomely by	The executives	building American National Can Co.
The executives had profited handsomely by building American National Can Co. , Triangle 's chief asset .	1	by building	The executives	American National Can Co.
The field took off in 1985 after scientists at Britain 's Sheffield University developed a handy , compact magnet for brain stimulation .	1	took off	The field	in 1985 after scientists at Britain 's Sheffield University developed a handy , compact magnet for brain stimulation
The field took off in 1985 after scientists at Britain 's Sheffield University developed a handy , compact magnet for brain stimulation .	1	developed	scientists at Britain 's Sheffield University	a handy , compact magnet for brain stimulation
The fitness craze itself has gone soft , the survey found .	1	found	the survey	 
The fitness craze itself has gone soft , the survey found .	1	has gone	The fitness craze itself	soft
The forest - products concern currently has about 38 million shares outstanding .	1	has	The forest - products concern	about 38 million shares outstanding
The government , already buffeted by high interest rates and a slowing economy , has been badly hurt by last week 's shake - up in Mrs. Thatcher 's cabinet .	1	has been badly hurt	The government , already buffeted by high interest rates and a slowing economy	by last week 's shake - up in Mrs. Thatcher 's cabinet
The government , already buffeted by high interest rates and a slowing economy , has been badly hurt by last week 's shake - up in Mrs. Thatcher 's cabinet .	1	buffeted	The government	by high interest rates and a slowing economy
The issue is backed by a 12 % letter of credit from Credit Suisse .	1	is backed	The issue	by a 12 % letter of credit from Credit Suisse
The last time IBM tapped the corporate debt market was in April 1988 , when it offered $ 500 million of debt securities .	1	tapped	IBM	the corporate debt market
The last time IBM tapped the corporate debt market was in April 1988 , when it offered $ 500 million of debt securities .	1	was	The last time IBM tapped the corporate debt market	in April 1988
The last time IBM tapped the corporate debt market was in April 1988 , when it offered $ 500 million of debt securities .	1	offered	it	$ 500 million of debt securities
The latest 10 - year notes ended at about 100 16\/32 to yield 7.90 % , compared with 100 11\/32 to yield 7.93 % on Friday .	1	ended	The latest 10 - year notes	at about 100 16\/32 to yield 7.90 %
The latest 10 - year notes ended at about 100 16\/32 to yield 7.90 % , compared with 100 11\/32 to yield 7.93 % on Friday .	1	compared	The latest 10 - year notes	with 100 11\/32 to yield 7.93 % on Friday
The latest 10 - year notes ended at about 100 16\/32 to yield 7.90 % , compared with 100 11\/32 to yield 7.93 % on Friday .	1	to yield	 	 
The market 's tempo was helped by the dollar 's resiliency , he said .	1	was helped	The market 's tempo	by the dollar 's resiliency
The market 's tempo was helped by the dollar 's resiliency , he said .	1	said	helped by the dollar 's resiliency	he
The offering was priced with an 8.95 % coupon rate at 99.1875 % to yield 9.19 % .	1	was priced	The offering	with an 8.95 % coupon rate at 99.1875 % to yield 9.19 %
The offering was priced with an 8.95 % coupon rate at 99.1875 % to yield 9.19 % .	1	to yield	The offering	9.19 %
The office may also be able to advise foreign and multinational clients on international law and general matters .	1	may also be	The office	able to advise foreign and multinational clients on international law and general matters
The office may also be able to advise foreign and multinational clients on international law and general matters .	1	to advise	The office	foreign and multinational clients on international law and general matters
The operative definition of newsworthiness will favor virtually unrestrained use of personal , sensitive and intimate facts .	1	will favor	The operative definition of newsworthiness	virtually unrestrained use of personal , sensitive and intimate facts
The price was n't disclosed but one analyst estimated that it was $ 150 million .	1	was n't	 	 
The price was n't disclosed but one analyst estimated that it was $ 150 million .	1	estimated	one analyst	that it was $ 150 million
The price was n't disclosed but one analyst estimated that it was $ 150 million .	1	was	it	$ 150 million
The prices of most corn , soybean and wheat futures contracts dropped slightly as farmers in the Midwest continued to rebuild stockpiles that were depleted by the 1988 drought .	1	dropped	The prices of most corn , soybean and wheat futures contracts	slightly as farmers in the Midwest continued
The prices of most corn , soybean and wheat futures contracts dropped slightly as farmers in the Midwest continued to rebuild stockpiles that were depleted by the 1988 drought .	1	continued to rebuild	farmers in the Midwest	to
The prices of most corn , soybean and wheat futures contracts dropped slightly as farmers in the Midwest continued to rebuild stockpiles that were depleted by the 1988 drought .	1	were depleted	stockpiles	by the 1988 drought
The senior subordinated debentures maturing in 2004 are targeted to be offered at a yield of between 12 5\/8 % to 12 3\/4 % .	1	are targeted	The senior subordinated debentures maturing in 2004	to be offered at a yield of between 12 5\/8 % to 12 3\/4 %
The senior subordinated debentures maturing in 2004 are targeted to be offered at a yield of between 12 5\/8 % to 12 3\/4 % .	1	to be offered	The senior subordinated debentures	at a yield of between 12 5\/8 % to 12 3\/4 %
The share price was languishing at about 400 pence before Ford 's Sept. 19 announcement of its interest in a minority stake .	1	was languishing	The share price	at about 400 pence before Ford 's Sept. 19 announcement of its interest in a minority stake
The surprise announcement came after the IRS broke off negotiations with Mr. Hunt on a settlement of the one - time tycoon 's personal bankruptcy case .	1	came	The surprise announcement	after the IRS broke off negotiations with Mr. Hunt on a settlement of the one - time tycoon 's personal bankruptcy case
The surprise announcement came after the IRS broke off negotiations with Mr. Hunt on a settlement of the one - time tycoon 's personal bankruptcy case .	1	broke off	the IRS	negotiations with Mr. Hunt on a settlement of the one - time tycoon 's personal bankruptcy
The tax has raised less than one billion marks ( $ 545.3 million ) annually in recent years , but the government has been reluctant to abolish the levy for budgetary concerns .	1	has raised	The tax	less than one billion marks ( $ 545.3 million ) annually in recent years
The tax has raised less than one billion marks ( $ 545.3 million ) annually in recent years , but the government has been reluctant to abolish the levy for budgetary concerns .	1	has been	the government	reluctant to abolish the levy for budgetary concerns
The three existing plants and their land will be sold .	1	will be sold	The three existing plants and their land	 
The three existing plants and their land will be sold .	1	existing	The three	plants and their land
The three existing plants and their land will be sold .	1	will be sold	The three existing plants and their land	 
The two leaders are expected to discuss changes sweeping the East bloc as well as human - rights issues , regional disputes and economic cooperation .	1	are expected	The two leaders	 
The two leaders are expected to discuss changes sweeping the East bloc as well as human - rights issues , regional disputes and economic cooperation .	1	sweeping	changes	the East bloc
The two sides are also discussing certain business ventures involving cable rights to Columbia 's movies .	1	are also discussing	The two sides	certain business ventures involving cable rights to Columbia 's movies
The two sides are also discussing certain business ventures involving cable rights to Columbia 's movies .	1	involving	certain business ventures	cable rights to Columbia 's movies
There 's light at the end of the tunnel for municipals , '' he said , adding that he expects prices to '' inch up '' in the near term .	1	said	light at the end of the tunnel for municipals	he expects prices to '' inch up '' in the near term
There 's light at the end of the tunnel for municipals , '' he said , adding that he expects prices to '' inch up '' in the near term .	1	's	There	light at the end of the tunnel for municipals
There 's light at the end of the tunnel for municipals , '' he said , adding that he expects prices to '' inch up '' in the near term .	1	expects	he	prices to '' inch up '' in the near term
They claim to have busted spirits , poltergeists and other spooks in hundreds of houses around the country .	1	claim	They	to have busted spirits , poltergeists and other spooks in hundreds of houses around the country
This involves trade - offs and { it } cuts against the grain of existing consumer and even provider conceptions of what is ' necessary . ' ''	1	involves	This	trade - offs
This involves trade - offs and { it } cuts against the grain of existing consumer and even provider conceptions of what is ' necessary . ' ''	1	cuts	it	against the grain of existing consumer and even provider conceptions of what is ' necessary
This involves trade - offs and { it } cuts against the grain of existing consumer and even provider conceptions of what is ' necessary . ' ''	1	is	what	necessary
This involves trade - offs and { it } cuts against the grain of existing consumer and even provider conceptions of what is ' necessary . ' ''	1	conceptions	 	what is '
This is the U.N. group that managed to traduce its own charter of promoting education , science and culture .	1	managed to	the U.N. group	its own charter of promoting education , science and culture
This is the U.N. group that managed to traduce its own charter of promoting education , science and culture .	1	is	This	the U.N. group
This is the U.N. group that managed to traduce its own charter of promoting education , science and culture .	1	of promoting	the U.N. group that managed to traduce its own charter	education , science and culture
This provision met early and strong resistance from investment bankers worried about disruptions in their clients ' portfolios .	1	met	This provision	early and strong resistance from investment bankers
This provision met early and strong resistance from investment bankers worried about disruptions in their clients ' portfolios .	1	worried	investment bankers	about disruptions in their clients ' portfolios
This week , New York City announced a 10 - point policy patterned on the federal bill of rights for taxpayers .	1	announced	New York City	a 10 - point policy patterned on the federal bill of rights for taxpayers
This week , New York City announced a 10 - point policy patterned on the federal bill of rights for taxpayers .	1	patterned	a 10 - point policy	on the federal bill of rights for taxpayers
Though Mr. Packer has since sold his stake , Courtaulds is moving to keep its institutional shareholders happy .	1	has since sold	Mr. Packer	his stake
Though Mr. Packer has since sold his stake , Courtaulds is moving to keep its institutional shareholders happy .	1	is moving	Courtaulds	to keep its institutional shareholders happy
To avoid a runoff , one candidate would have to win 50 % of the vote -- a feat that most analysts consider impossible with so many candidates running .	1	consider	most analysts	impossible with so many candidates
To avoid a runoff , one candidate would have to win 50 % of the vote -- a feat that most analysts consider impossible with so many candidates running .	1	running	so many candidates	 
To avoid a runoff , one candidate would have to win 50 % of the vote -- a feat that most analysts consider impossible with so many candidates running .	1	would have	one candidate	to win 50 % of the vote
To avoid a runoff , one candidate would have to win 50 % of the vote -- a feat that most analysts consider impossible with so many candidates running .	1	avoid	 	a runoff
To increase their share of that business , jewelry makers such as Crystal Brands Inc. 's Trifari and Monet units and Swank Inc. , maker of Anne Klein jewelry , are launching new lines with as much fanfare as the fragrance companies .	1	are launching	jewelry makers such as Crystal Brands Inc. 's Trifari and Monet units and Swank Inc.	new lines
To increase their share of that business , jewelry makers such as Crystal Brands Inc. 's Trifari and Monet units and Swank Inc. , maker of Anne Klein jewelry , are launching new lines with as much fanfare as the fragrance companies .	1	To	 	their share of that business
To make them directly comparable , each index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100 .	1	is based	each index	on the close of 1969 equaling 100
To make them directly comparable , each index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100 .	1	equaling	the close of 1969	100
To make them directly comparable , each index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100 .	1	To	 	them directly comparable
To my knowledge , no government entities , including the EPA , are pursuing UV - B measurements .	1	are pursuing	no government entities , including the EPA	UV - B measurements
To my knowledge , no government entities , including the EPA , are pursuing UV - B measurements .	1	,	no government entities	the EPA
Tom Panelli had a perfectly good reason for not using the $ 300 rowing machine he bought three years ago .	1	had	Tom Panelli	a perfectly good reason for not using the $ 300 rowing machine
Tom Panelli had a perfectly good reason for not using the $ 300 rowing machine he bought three years ago .	1	bought	the $ 300 rowing machine	three years ago
Tom Panelli had a perfectly good reason for not using the $ 300 rowing machine he bought three years ago .	1	for not using	 	the $ 300 rowing machine he bought three years ago
U.S. makers have under 10 % share , compared with half the market in Europe and 80 % at home .	1	have	U.S. makers	under 10 % share
U.S. makers have under 10 % share , compared with half the market in Europe and 80 % at home .	1	compared	U.S. makers	with half the market in Europe and 80 % at home
USG Corp. agreed to sell its headquarters building here to Manufacturers Life Insurance Co. of Toronto , and will lease the 19 - story facility until it moves to a new quarters in 1992 .	1	agreed to sell	USG Corp.	to sell its headquarters building here to Manufacturers Life Insurance Co. of Toronto
USG Corp. agreed to sell its headquarters building here to Manufacturers Life Insurance Co. of Toronto , and will lease the 19 - story facility until it moves to a new quarters in 1992 .	1	moves	it	to a new quarters in 1992
USG Corp. agreed to sell its headquarters building here to Manufacturers Life Insurance Co. of Toronto , and will lease the 19 - story facility until it moves to a new quarters in 1992 .	1	will lease	USG Corp.	the 19 - story facility until it moves to a new quarters in 1992
Under a merger agreement reached Sept. 14 , the UAL board agreed to reimburse certain of the buy - out group 's expenses out of company funds even if the transaction was n't completed , provided the group did n't breach the agreement .	1	agreed	the UAL board	to reimburse certain of the buy - out group 's expenses out of company funds
Under a merger agreement reached Sept. 14 , the UAL board agreed to reimburse certain of the buy - out group 's expenses out of company funds even if the transaction was n't completed , provided the group did n't breach the agreement .	1	was n't completed	the transaction	 
Under a merger agreement reached Sept. 14 , the UAL board agreed to reimburse certain of the buy - out group 's expenses out of company funds even if the transaction was n't completed , provided the group did n't breach the agreement .	1	did n't breach	 	the agreement
Under a merger agreement reached Sept. 14 , the UAL board agreed to reimburse certain of the buy - out group 's expenses out of company funds even if the transaction was n't completed , provided the group did n't breach the agreement .	1	reached	a merger agreement	Sept. 14
Under the debt - equity program , potential investors will submit sealed bids on the percentage of discount they are willing to purchase the debt at , and the bids will be allocated based on these discount offers .	1	are	they	willing to purchase the debt at
Under the debt - equity program , potential investors will submit sealed bids on the percentage of discount they are willing to purchase the debt at , and the bids will be allocated based on these discount offers .	1	based	 	on these discount offers
Under the debt - equity program , potential investors will submit sealed bids on the percentage of discount they are willing to purchase the debt at , and the bids will be allocated based on these discount offers .	1	will submit	potential investors	sealed bids on the
Under the debt - equity program , potential investors will submit sealed bids on the percentage of discount they are willing to purchase the debt at , and the bids will be allocated based on these discount offers .	1	will be allocated	the bids	these discount offers
Unemployment has reached 27.6 % in Azerbaijan , 25.7 % in Tadzhikistan , 22.8 % in Uzbekistan , 18.8 % in Turkmenia , 18 % in Armenia and 16.3 % in Kirgizia , the Communist Party newspaper said .	1	said	the Communist Party newspaper	 
Unemployment has reached 27.6 % in Azerbaijan , 25.7 % in Tadzhikistan , 22.8 % in Uzbekistan , 18.8 % in Turkmenia , 18 % in Armenia and 16.3 % in Kirgizia , the Communist Party newspaper said .	1	has reached	Unemployment	27.6 % in Azerbaijan
Vernon E. Jordan was elected to the board of this transportation services concern .	1	was elected	Vernon E. Jordan	to the board of this transportation services concern
Warner Communications Inc. , which is being acquired by Time Warner , has filed a $ 1 billion breach - of - contract suit against Sony and the two producers .	1	is being acquired	Warner Communications Inc.	by Time Warner
Warner Communications Inc. , which is being acquired by Time Warner , has filed a $ 1 billion breach - of - contract suit against Sony and the two producers .	1	has filed	Warner Communications Inc.	a $ 1 billion breach - of - contract suit against Sony and the two producers
Warner has a five - year exclusive contract with Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters that requires them to make movies exclusively at the Warner Bros. studio .	1	has	Warner	a five - year exclusive contract with Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters
Warner has a five - year exclusive contract with Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters that requires them to make movies exclusively at the Warner Bros. studio .	1	requires	a five - year exclusive contract with Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters	them to make movies exclusively at the Warner Bros. studio
While the campaign was Mr. Gibbons 's idea , however , he wo n't be paying for it : The donations will come out of the chain 's national advertising fund , which is financed by the franchisees .	1	was	the campaign	Mr. Gibbons 's idea
While the campaign was Mr. Gibbons 's idea , however , he wo n't be paying for it : The donations will come out of the chain 's national advertising fund , which is financed by the franchisees .	1	is financed	the chain 's national advertising fund	by the franchisees
While the campaign was Mr. Gibbons 's idea , however , he wo n't be paying for it : The donations will come out of the chain 's national advertising fund , which is financed by the franchisees .	1	n't be paying	he	for it
While the campaign was Mr. Gibbons 's idea , however , he wo n't be paying for it : The donations will come out of the chain 's national advertising fund , which is financed by the franchisees .	1	wo n't be paying	he	for it
While the campaign was Mr. Gibbons 's idea , however , he wo n't be paying for it : The donations will come out of the chain 's national advertising fund , which is financed by the franchisees .	1	will come	The donations	out of the chain 's national advertising fund
With companies such as Honda Motor Co. , Toyota Motor Corp. and Nissan Motor Co. running so - called transplant auto operations , Japanese auto production in the U.S. will reach one million vehicles this year .	1	called	so -	transplant auto operations
With companies such as Honda Motor Co. , Toyota Motor Corp. and Nissan Motor Co. running so - called transplant auto operations , Japanese auto production in the U.S. will reach one million vehicles this year .	1	will reach	Japanese auto production in the U.S.	one million vehicles this year
With more than 15 million exercise bikes sold in the past five years , he adds , '' a lot of garages , basements and attics must be populated with them . ''	1	adds	he	a lot of garages , basements and attics must be populated with them
With more than 15 million exercise bikes sold in the past five years , he adds , '' a lot of garages , basements and attics must be populated with them . ''	1	sold	more than 15 million exercise bikes	in the past five years
With more than 15 million exercise bikes sold in the past five years , he adds , '' a lot of garages , basements and attics must be populated with them . ''	1	must be populated	a lot of garages , basements and attics	with them
With more than 15 million exercise bikes sold in the past five years , he adds , '' a lot of garages , basements and attics must be populated with them . ''	1	must be populated	a lot of garages , basements and attics	with them
With real estate experts Olympia & York and Samuel Zell 's Itel owning close to 40 % of Santa Fe 's stock , management was under pressure -- in a favored phrase of Wall Street -- to quickly '' maximize values . ''	1	was	management	under pressure
With real estate experts Olympia & York and Samuel Zell 's Itel owning close to 40 % of Santa Fe 's stock , management was under pressure -- in a favored phrase of Wall Street -- to quickly '' maximize values . ''	1	to quickly	management	 
With real estate experts Olympia & York and Samuel Zell 's Itel owning close to 40 % of Santa Fe 's stock , management was under pressure -- in a favored phrase of Wall Street -- to quickly '' maximize values . ''	1	owning	Samuel Zell 's Itel	close to 40 % of Santa Fe 's stock
With real estate experts Olympia & York and Samuel Zell 's Itel owning close to 40 % of Santa Fe 's stock , management was under pressure -- in a favored phrase of Wall Street -- to quickly '' maximize values . ''	1	to quickly	management	maximize values
Within two hours , viewers pledged over $ 400,000 , according to a Red Cross executive .	1	pledged	viewers	over $ 400,000
Within two hours , viewers pledged over $ 400,000 , according to a Red Cross executive .	1	according	viewers	to a Red Cross executive
Workers at two Chilean mines , Los Bronces and El Soldado , which belong to the Exxon - owned Minera Disputado group , will vote Thursday on whether to strike after a two - year labor pact ends today .	1	ends	a two - year labor pact	today
Workers at two Chilean mines , Los Bronces and El Soldado , which belong to the Exxon - owned Minera Disputado group , will vote Thursday on whether to strike after a two - year labor pact ends today .	1	belong	 	to the Exxon - owned Minera Disputado group
Workers at two Chilean mines , Los Bronces and El Soldado , which belong to the Exxon - owned Minera Disputado group , will vote Thursday on whether to strike after a two - year labor pact ends today .	1	will vote	Workers at two Chilean mines , Los Bronces and El Soldado	Thursday on whether to strike after a two - year labor pact
Workers at two Chilean mines , Los Bronces and El Soldado , which belong to the Exxon - owned Minera Disputado group , will vote Thursday on whether to strike after a two - year labor pact ends today .	1	will vote	Workers at two Chilean mines , Los Bronces and El Soldado	Thursday on whether to strike after a two - year labor pact ends
Years ago , he collaborated with the new music gurus Peter Serkin and Fred Sherry in the very countercultural chamber group Tashi , which won audiences over to dreaded contemporary scores like Messiaen 's '' Quartet for the End of Time . ''	1	collaborated	he	with the new music gurus Peter Serkin and Fred Sherry in the very countercultural chamber group
Years ago , he collaborated with the new music gurus Peter Serkin and Fred Sherry in the very countercultural chamber group Tashi , which won audiences over to dreaded contemporary scores like Messiaen 's '' Quartet for the End of Time . ''	1	won	the very countercultural chamber group	audiences over to dreaded contemporary scores like Messiaen 's '' Quartet for the End of Time
Yesterday , Mr. Matthews , now a consultant with the Stamford , Conn. , firm Matthews & Johnston , quipped , '' I think he 'll be very good at that { new job } .	1	quipped	Mr. Matthews	think he 'll be very good at that { new job
Yesterday , Mr. Matthews , now a consultant with the Stamford , Conn. , firm Matthews & Johnston , quipped , '' I think he 'll be very good at that { new job } .	1	think	I	he 'll be very good at that { new job
Yesterday , Mr. Matthews , now a consultant with the Stamford , Conn. , firm Matthews & Johnston , quipped , '' I think he 'll be very good at that { new job } .	1	'll be	he	very good at that { new job
Yet the Soviet leader 's readiness to embark on foreign visits and steady accumulation of personal power , particularly since the last Politburo reshuffle on Sept. 30 , do not suggest that Mr. Gorbachev is on the verge of being toppled ; nor does he look likely to reverse the powers of perestroika .	1	is	Mr. Gorbachev	on the verge of being toppled
Yet the Soviet leader 's readiness to embark on foreign visits and steady accumulation of personal power , particularly since the last Politburo reshuffle on Sept. 30 , do not suggest that Mr. Gorbachev is on the verge of being toppled ; nor does he look likely to reverse the powers of perestroika .	1	does he look	he	likely to reverse the powers of perestroika
Yet the Soviet leader 's readiness to embark on foreign visits and steady accumulation of personal power , particularly since the last Politburo reshuffle on Sept. 30 , do not suggest that Mr. Gorbachev is on the verge of being toppled ; nor does he look likely to reverse the powers of perestroika .	1	do not suggest	the Soviet leader 's readiness to embark on foreign visits and steady accumulation of personal power , particularly since the last Politburo	that Mr. Gorbachev is on the verge of being toppled
Yet the Soviet leader 's readiness to embark on foreign visits and steady accumulation of personal power , particularly since the last Politburo reshuffle on Sept. 30 , do not suggest that Mr. Gorbachev is on the verge of being toppled ; nor does he look likely to reverse the powers of perestroika .	1	being toppled	Mr. Gorbachev	 
'' Business across the country is spending more time addressing this issue , '' says Sen. Edward Kennedy ( D. , Mass . ) .	1	is spending	Business across the country	more time addressing this issue
'' Business across the country is spending more time addressing this issue , '' says Sen. Edward Kennedy ( D. , Mass . ) .	1	says	Business across the country is spending more time addressing this issue	Sen. Edward Kennedy
'' Business across the country is spending more time addressing this issue , '' says Sen. Edward Kennedy ( D. , Mass . ) .	1		Business across the country is spending more	this issue
'' I ca n't believe they ( GM ) will let Ford have a free run , '' said Stephen Reitman , a European auto industry analyst at UBS - Phillips & Drew .	1	said	I ca n't believe they ( GM ) will let Ford have a free run	Stephen Reitman
'' I ca n't believe they ( GM ) will let Ford have a free run , '' said Stephen Reitman , a European auto industry analyst at UBS - Phillips & Drew .	1	ca n't believe	I	they ( GM ) will let Ford have a free run
'' I ca n't believe they ( GM ) will let Ford have a free run , '' said Stephen Reitman , a European auto industry analyst at UBS - Phillips & Drew .	1	will let	they	Ford have a free run
'' I do n't foresee any shortages over the next few months , '' says Ken Allen , an official of Operating Engineers Local 3 in San Francisco .	1	says	I do n't foresee any shortages over the next few months	Ken Allen
'' I do n't foresee any shortages over the next few months , '' says Ken Allen , an official of Operating Engineers Local 3 in San Francisco .	1	do n't foresee	I	any shortages over the next few months
'' I do n't foresee any shortages over the next few months , '' says Ken Allen , an official of Operating Engineers Local 3 in San Francisco .	1	an	Ken Allen	 
'' I wo n't be throwing 90 mph , but I will throw 80 - plus , '' he says .	1	says	I wo n't be throwing 90 mph , but I will throw 80 - plus	he
'' I wo n't be throwing 90 mph , but I will throw 80 - plus , '' he says .	1	wo n't be throwing	I	90 mph
'' I wo n't be throwing 90 mph , but I will throw 80 - plus , '' he says .	1	wo n't be throwing	I	90 mph
'' I wo n't be throwing 90 mph , but I will throw 80 - plus , '' he says .	1	will throw	I	80 - plus
'' If working capital financing is not provided , '' he said , '' the RTC may have to slow { S&L sales } or dump acquired assets through fire sales .	1	said	he	the RTC may have to slow { S&L sales } or dump acquired assets through fire sales
'' If working capital financing is not provided , '' he said , '' the RTC may have to slow { S&L sales } or dump acquired assets through fire sales .	1	is not provided	working capital financing	 
'' If working capital financing is not provided , '' he said , '' the RTC may have to slow { S&L sales } or dump acquired assets through fire sales .	1	dump	the RTC	acquired assets
'' If working capital financing is not provided , '' he said , '' the RTC may have to slow { S&L sales } or dump acquired assets through fire sales .	1	may have	the RTC	to slow { S&L sales } or dump acquired assets through fire sales
'' It 's a super - exciting set of discoveries , '' says Bert Vogelstein , a Johns Hopkins University researcher who has just found a gene pivotal to the triggering of colon cancer .	1	's	It	a super - exciting set of discoveries
'' It 's a super - exciting set of discoveries , '' says Bert Vogelstein , a Johns Hopkins University researcher who has just found a gene pivotal to the triggering of colon cancer .	1	says	It 's a super - exciting set of discoveries	Bert Vogelstein
'' It 's a super - exciting set of discoveries , '' says Bert Vogelstein , a Johns Hopkins University researcher who has just found a gene pivotal to the triggering of colon cancer .	1	has just found	a Johns Hopkins University researcher	a gene pivotal to the triggering of colon cancer
'' It 's a wait - and - see attitude , '' said Dave Vellante , vice president of storage research for International Data Corp .	1	said	It 's a wait - and - see attitude	Dave Vellante
'' It 's a wait - and - see attitude , '' said Dave Vellante , vice president of storage research for International Data Corp .	1	's	It	a wait - and - see attitude
'' It 's really bizarre , '' says Albert Lerman , creative director at the Wells Rich Greene ad agency .	1	's	It	really bizarre
'' It 's really bizarre , '' says Albert Lerman , creative director at the Wells Rich Greene ad agency .	1	says	It 's really bizarre	Albert Lerman
'' Most of the LBO guys do n't know how to run a business anyway . ''	1	do n't know	Most of the LBO guys	how to run a business anyway
'' Most of the LBO guys do n't know how to run a business anyway . ''	1	to run	Most of the LBO guys	a business anyway
'' Most people -- whether in Toledo , Tucson or Topeka -- have n't got a clue who we are , '' says Guy L. Smith , Philip Morris 's vice president of corporate affairs .	1	are	we	 
'' Most people -- whether in Toledo , Tucson or Topeka -- have n't got a clue who we are , '' says Guy L. Smith , Philip Morris 's vice president of corporate affairs .	1	have n't got	Most people -- whether in Toledo , Tucson or Topeka	a clue who we are
'' Most people -- whether in Toledo , Tucson or Topeka -- have n't got a clue who we are , '' says Guy L. Smith , Philip Morris 's vice president of corporate affairs .	1	are	we	 
'' Nobody told us ; nobody called us , '' says an official close to the case who asked not to be named .	1	told	Nobody	us
'' Nobody told us ; nobody called us , '' says an official close to the case who asked not to be named .	1	called	 	us
'' Nobody told us ; nobody called us , '' says an official close to the case who asked not to be named .	1	asked	the case	not to be named
'' Nobody told us ; nobody called us , '' says an official close to the case who asked not to be named .	1	says	Nobody told us ; nobody called us	an official close to the case
'' Nothing can be better than this , '' says Don Sider , owner of the West Palm Beach Tropics .	1	says	'' Nothing can be better than this	Don Sider
'' Nothing can be better than this , '' says Don Sider , owner of the West Palm Beach Tropics .	1	can be	Nothing	better than this
'' Now everything '' -- such as program trading and wide stock market swings -- '' that everyone had pushed back in their consciousness is just sitting right there . ''	1	had pushed	everyone	back in their consciousness
'' Now everything '' -- such as program trading and wide stock market swings -- '' that everyone had pushed back in their consciousness is just sitting right there . ''	1	is just sitting	Now everything '' -- such as program trading and wide stock market swings -- '' that everyone had pushed back in their consciousness	right there
'' The bottom line is that if we can get that { Warsaw Pact } superiority brought down to parity , we ought to keep pressing ahead as quickly as possible .	1	is	The bottom line	that if we can get that { Warsaw Pact } superiority brought down to parity , we ought to keep pressing ahead as quickly as possible
'' The bottom line is that if we can get that { Warsaw Pact } superiority brought down to parity , we ought to keep pressing ahead as quickly as possible .	1	brought	Warsaw Pact } superiority	down to parity
'' The bottom line is that if we can get that { Warsaw Pact } superiority brought down to parity , we ought to keep pressing ahead as quickly as possible .	1	ought to keep pressing	we can get that { Warsaw Pact } superiority	ahead as quickly as possible
'' The bottom line is that if we can get that { Warsaw Pact } superiority brought down to parity , we ought to keep pressing ahead as quickly as possible .	1	can get	we	that { Warsaw Pact } superiority brought down to parity
'' The bottom line is that if we can get that { Warsaw Pact } superiority brought down to parity , we ought to keep pressing ahead as quickly as possible .	1	ought to keep	we	to keep pressing ahead as quickly as possible
'' The only people who are flying are those who have to , '' said Frank Moore , chairman of the Australian Tourist Industry Association .	1	said	The only people who are flying are those	Frank Moore
'' The only people who are flying are those who have to , '' said Frank Moore , chairman of the Australian Tourist Industry Association .	1	are	The only people who are flying	those
'' The only people who are flying are those who have to , '' said Frank Moore , chairman of the Australian Tourist Industry Association .	1	are	The only people who are flying	those who have to
'' The only people who are flying are those who have to , '' said Frank Moore , chairman of the Australian Tourist Industry Association .	1	have	those	to
'' To allow this massive level of unfettered federal borrowing without prior congressional approval would be irresponsible , '' said Rep. Fortney Stark ( D. , Calif. ) , who has introduced a bill to limit the RTC 's authority to issue debt .	1	said	'' To allow this massive level of unfettered federal borrowing without prior congressional approval would be irresponsible	Rep. Fortney Stark
'' To allow this massive level of unfettered federal borrowing without prior congressional approval would be irresponsible , '' said Rep. Fortney Stark ( D. , Calif. ) , who has introduced a bill to limit the RTC 's authority to issue debt .	1	has introduced	Rep. Fortney Stark	a bill to limit the RTC 's authority
'' To allow this massive level of unfettered federal borrowing without prior congressional approval would be irresponsible , '' said Rep. Fortney Stark ( D. , Calif. ) , who has introduced a bill to limit the RTC 's authority to issue debt .	1	would be	To allow this massive level of unfettered federal borrowing without prior congressional approval	irresponsible
'' To allow this massive level of unfettered federal borrowing without prior congressional approval would be irresponsible , '' said Rep. Fortney Stark ( D. , Calif. ) , who has introduced a bill to limit the RTC 's authority to issue debt .	1	To allow	''	this massive level of unfettered federal borrowing without prior congressional approval
'' We were oversold and today we bounced back .	1	were oversold	We	 
